This is a DooM .LMP "COMPET-N/pwads/mm2/misc" entry - Please forward it...

M2S1-034.TXT

 M2S1-034.ZIP

  M2S1-034.LMP - UV speed

  Recorded using Doom2 Version 1.9
  Doom2 -File MM2.WAD MM2INFO.WAD -PlayDemo with Version 1.9

  Memento Mori II (+ MM2INFO.WAD) - MAP01 - "Secret Operation 1" by Steve Towle

  Kills     18%
  Items     72%
  Secrets    0% and Time - 0:34

  Description:

  This is my first Compet-N demo... and it's for the worst level in Memento Mori
  II. ;) To view this demo, you must download both Memento Mori II and the
  Memento Mori II Infopack.  Look for the file MM2INFO.DAT, and rename it to
  "MM2INFO.WAD."  After that, load that file alongside MM2.WAD at the command
  line, and the first two levels will be replaced by new ones, including a far
  superior level by Thomas Möller ("Secret Operation 2.")  You'll need to load
  them both if you want to watch this demo; otherwise, the game will load MAP01:
  Outpost, instead, and it'll look like I'm a complete moron. ;) Because I'm not
  sure if the two Secret Operation levels are eligible for competition here, I
  have elected to upload this as a Misc demo, although it fits under UV speed
  rules.

  Believe it or not, it's really, really easy to miss the shotgun in the
  beginning, because there's so little space to grab it, thanks to the hanging
  corpse situated right above it.  A little luck is required, too, for the first
  two Spectres to not block your path to glory (the elevator in the case of the
  first.)  Besides that, this level isn't very hard to run.  After the elevator,
  if you don't fire a shot at any time outside of the building, the monsters who
  are supposed to teleport into the level never will, and thus, you'll have fewer
  obstacles to deal with when you leave the building.  At the stairways, you can
  lean against either one so the enemies on that side can't hit you, and then you
  can safely dispatch the hellspawn on the other side.  After flipping the switch
  that reveals the skull key, you can drop from the staircase, grab it, and then
  zoom your way over to the exit with nothing standing in your way.  Whee!

  In spite of this, there are still a few errors in this demo, mainly me getting
  caught on stuff, as well as a slight hesitation (agh!) at the building's door.
  Nevertheless, I don't think this will be boring to watch, in spite of the
  level's poor quality. ;)

  Prior to recording Doom demos, I did some usermap speedruns for Duke Nukem 3D.
  Video versions can be seen on my YouTube channel at
  http://youtube.com/profile?user=TheGreenHerring, and I hope to have a
  "Speedruns" section up on my website at
  http://disasterlabs.com/thegreenherring/ in the near future.

  Author: Eric "The Green Herring" Baker
  E-mail: eabaker@san.rr.com

  26.05.2007 (demo recorded 25.05.2007)
