This is a DooM .LMP "Competition" Entry - Please forward it...

pn08-019.zip
 pn08-019.lmp
 pn08-019.txt

Recorded using Doom2 Version 1.9, Win XP, -nosound

doom2 -file plutonia.wad -playdemo pn08-019

Plutonia - Level 08 - Realm

Category: Nightmare!

Totals:

Kills	  4%
Items	  0%
Secret	  0%

Time    0:19


Comments: 

Equalling my UV time from a couple of years back. I'd
given up on Nightmare then as being too frustrating, but 
Archie and the chainies were co-operative today and this 
didn't take too long. But on the downside I did 
accidentally swallow a mint humbug during the session and 
thought I was going to die!

This map was mentioned recently (Xit had done a Nightmare 
demo which I'd missed originally) in the context of how to 
do this kind of "flat-face" glide, and as this is probably 
the best map to practise on I thought I'd take the time to 
explain my method.

1) Use vanilla Doom (nosound is OK here), be recording, 
set mouse sensitivity to the lowest, don't disable vertical 
movement, adjust your monitor so it shows the *entire* picture.

2) Run towards the gap and keep on running - you will slide 
against the wall. Turn straight until you no longer seem to be 
sliding - this is easier while recording as angles are 
"chunkier".

3) Slowly mouse-strafe until you are almost precisely aligned 
with the gap.

4) Run against the wall - you will slide very slowly left.
This is how you move precisely into position. You can tell 
the position is right immediately the first column of 
pixels of the front face of the left wall comes into view 
(this is why you need to see the whole picture - the contrast 
is very clear on this map but it usually isn't so!).

5) Edge directly forward with the mouse as slowly as you 
can - just push hard enough for your gun to start trembling.
With a bit of practice it should go rather easily on this map, 
but on others it's a lot harder and you may have to make 
repeated tries for minutes at a time for it to work.


Author:	"cack_handed"
11/01/2009
