This is a DooM .LMP "Competition" Entry - Please forward it...

CL29-648.TXT

 CL22-648.ZIP

  CL22-648.LMP - Ultra Violence !

  Recorded using Doom2 Version 1.9
  Doom2 -File Class_ep.wad -PlayDemo with Version 1.9

  Classic Episode - E2M9 - Dissension

  Kills    100%           
  (Items    XX%)          
  Secrets  100%  
              .... and Time  06:48
                             -----
                          
  Description: (I'd like to do some greetings first)

Henna:  Hey, how have you been surviving with no internet?? :)
Waldon: Damn, so vocal to get class_ep as one of the pwads and I don't see
	many demos from yah. 
Anders: You lazy bastard! ;) I still want my DE2 map4. Takes 5 minutes. heh
Radek:  Thanks for the nice comments on CL21 and CL22. :)))) Nice demos.
Chris:  Take a break from the HR -fast and try some classic. hehe
Doug:   Whatever happened to doing that classic episode run? :~(
Slag:   Stop playing darts and chess. More coop demos! hehe
Adam H: heh. 

Hmm, I'm seeming to make a lot of demands. To really get demos out of these people 
you literally have to harass them everyday in IRC. :)) And that doesn't even work
for Anders. heh. 

Well, I redid this demo for fun, and perhaps to regenerate interest into doing 
lmp's for classic episode. Althogh don't ask me how my demos could inspire 
anyone to do anything, unless they think it's so pathetic they need to redo it.
Which could be likely. I was hoping to get my previous first-run time of 8:38
below 8 minutes. Well, I'll settle for 1:50 of improvement. :) Still crappy 
though, and decent would be around 5:45. New approach at the beginning, which
probably accounted for a good part of the improvement.

Looking back, I'd probably remove that upper baron area with the hallway and 
dungeon room. Just doesn't fit the level, and wasn't that impressive in the
first place. But I was cutting and pasting various wad pieces from Jan and 
Travers and wanted to include everything. Also, I died many times sometime 
after the red key. Needs a tad more health. Doable, but not too fun. Ack,
I wish I wasn't a perfectionist when it comes to levels design. Had it not
been a compet-n wad I might have opted for a version 1.1 of the episode.

blah blah, ok go watch now.

Author:   Anthony Soto
E-Mail:   neworderdatabase@hotmail.com
Webpage:  http://thefish.8m.com/
