This is a DooM .LMP "Competition" Entry - Please forward it...

MM17-435.TXT

 MM17-435.ZIP

  MM17-435.LMP - UV Max

  Recorded using Doom2 Version 1.9
  Doom2 -File MM.WAD -PlayDemo with Version 1.9

  Memento Mori - Level 17 - House of Thorn

  Kills      100%
  Items       32%            
  Secrets     85%  and Time: 4:35 
                             ==== 

  Description :-)

  12th COMPET-N entry.

  Just another great map from "Memento Mori". There is constant 
  action, beginning with very cramped room-to-room fighting,  
  then evolving to more open fighting in the garden section 
  later on. And the secrets are simply ingenious!

  I guess few people like for this map, which is sad. It really 
  is fun to play. I did my best to come up with a quick route, 
  and although this demo looks a little sloppy in parts, the time 
  is quite good. Getting a decent time depends much on luck, 
  since this route tends to leave stray monsters (mostly outside 
  the house). There are some important route improvements here 
  compared to the previous record run, most notably taking the 
  megasphere inside the house, which allows for much more daring 
  play through-out the rest of the run. Note that the way I take 
  it is not what the author intended, but rather a "trick jump". 
  This way, the time loss in taking it is minimal.

  Some things went well; for example, the monsters at the yellow 
  key teleported to just the right place. It's always a lottery 
  and you can lose quite some time there blasting through those 
  damn Lost Souls. And at the end, the monsters placed themselves 
  almost perfectly. OTOH, some things didn't go so well -- the 
  number of SSG shots I had to use to kill the Pain Elemental 
  has to be some kind of record... But all in all, I can't really 
  complain, since this was the only exit I had below 4:40 (I had 
  two "second-best" attempts in 4:43).

  Other notes -> I was lucky to discover that stray zombieman! 
  If it hadn't fired at me as I was going for the megasphere, 
  the attempt would most likely have been runied. Also, I chose 
  to pick up some extra cells in the end because I think the time 
  saved by being able to use the plasma rifle to kill the last 
  Barons more than makes up for the few seconds you lose by 
  picking up those cells. Perhaps I'm wrong? ;-)

  I should point out that 6/7 secrets (85%) is the best you can 
  do because one secret sector (the switch in the soulsphere 
  room right at the start) is impossible to get into.

  Kristian Ronge
  zuckuss@gmail.com
