Runner: Zero-Master
Date: 2015-02-24
IWAD: Plutonia.wad
Category: NM-Speed
Map: Episode 1, 1-10
Source Port: Competition Doom v2.0.2.1
Time: 18:30 (18:34.31)


Map	Time
01	01:01
02	02:49
03	02:46
04	02:00
05	01:51
06	03:22
07	01:21
08	00:44
09	01:40
10	00:56


This is my first episode run and first single segment nightmare run, 
this is also the first time episode 1 of plutonia has been done on nightmare.

I have absolutely no idea how I made it through alive, this is by far the craziest run I've had,
and it actually went all the way. Since it was an attempt at a first exit I didn't put to much effort
into getting a good time, so there are probably several places where more aggressive strategies could
be used to save some time. 


Map 01: I grab the mega armor first and go for the rocket launcher so I can clear 
some chaingunners and mancubi by the exit and do a SR50 skip to the exit. 
I also need the RL for the next map, this is a straightforward map.
Though respawning chaingunners will very quickly end the run.


Map 02: Got some infighting going while trying to clear some chaingunners\shotgunners
with the SSG before I drop 2 rockets on the walls to clear anything that might be left. 
Clear the way to yellow key, the revenant + chaingunner can be quite scary.
Had some bad luck with the hell knight respawn, usually I don't have the hell knights coming back
quicker than I can kill them. Down to 2% at one point, but managed to get the health and get out quickly.


Map 03: I kill the revenant first before I enter the room, since there is really no way to dodge 
his missiles if you enter, and the arch vile pops up. Somehow I managed to mess up and I got
hit by the archvile, was supposed to only take 20 damage there. Didn't take too much damage in the BK room.
On my way back I take it slow to make sure the chaingunners don't destroy me. 
I grab the soulsphere because I usually take no damage going for it, or very little damage.
And the map coming up after this is... caged. I skip the RK and do a glide in the exit room.
I wonder how difficult going for the RK would be on nightmare...


Map 04: Welcome to caged, where every run dies. Well, not this time I guess.

This is by far the hardest map in the run, luckily it comes after 3 kind of simple maps.

My stratgy here is to grab the plasma rifle first, since I don't lose much health grabbing it
and it comes in handy when I push from the blue key to the exit. Then I get some of the cacos 
out so they don't push me when I go for yellow key. From there I get to the baron room, 
if you kill the barons they will respawn where they first appeared, and they can't teleport 
out afterwards, which mean they are stuck and won't bother you anymore. If you don't kill them 
they will get in your way when going for blue key door. 

I first kill the revenant by the switch before I go for blue key, so I don't get delayed there,
because I need to be very quick not to get hit by the 2 other revenants on the other side. 
After grabbing the rad suit I jump down and move in some kind of circle, it was the 
best way I had to avoid the mancubi and spectres. It's pretty common to kill yourself by
self rocket here because of the spectres.

From that point I rush through the rest of the map with plasma, and I have never in every
single practice attempt I've had, ended up with this amount of health by the end. 
Very lucky to get through this map without any problem, a single pain elemental in the end
can very quickly trap you with lost souls for example.


Map 05: I usually kill the chaingunners before I run over to mega armor, but I had so much
health that I could just go for it, I then do a glide to avoid the baron that is on the platform.
I shoot some rockets on the wall to kill the demons, extremely annoying to lose a run to getting 
stuck when you try to jump down. 

You need some health to survive since there are several chaingunners waiting for you, so you rush 
for the megasphere. The mastermind always seems to be busy shooting something else, which is very nice,
since it makes it actually possible to get through this map. 

I get to the exit room where I clear 1 baron and kill the archvile through the door\wall. 
Need to be careful that you don't accidently glide through and get trapped :)


Map 06: The start of this map is not too bad, clear the revenants and then the mancubi. 
I was probably a bit slow since so many of the revenants respawned, but I managed to get through.

In the next room I was kind of wasting time doing nothing, I was a bit confussed by the low amount of
plasma ammo that I had. In the next room I stay by the door or outside it so I don't get locked in with 
all the demons and revenants, then I clear them from the outside. Took a rocket so I figured I might 
as well just grab the megasphere. 

The last room is one of the most difficult places in the entire run, there's just so 
much shit that respawns after you've managed to clear the place. It's so easy to get trapped
in something and take lots of damage in a very short time. Not to mention the cyberdemon.

I get through with a very good amount of health, which I will need for the next map......


Map 07: Well... I don't even know... 

I clear the mancubi on the upper left first because it gives me some more time before the closest
ones to the place where I do a SR50 jump respawn. I then noticed not 1, but fucking 2 arachnotrons
waiting for me on the other side. 

I have never seen that before, I was not prepared, I figured the best idea would be to kill them.
The problem with firing after you kill the mancubi is that you wake up the revenants...

and what happened then, I don't even fucking know, revenants, barons, zombiemen, god damn respawning
mancubi.... I was completely panicing, I was 100% sure I would die... all the way down to 3% health
when I figured there was some health by the other elevator. I just went for that health twice and
just tried to get the hell out of there. Somehow I survived, can't believe I got a successful demo after that.

In the last room I obviously clear the chaingunners, but I need to kill the arachnotron before I go down
towards the exit, or I will run into all his projectiles.


Map 08: A bit shaken up after map 7, everything went exactly as planned.
I have no idea how hard this map would be without the glide.


Map 09: I've done a few NM-speed attempts of this map before. 
I clear everything in the blue key room, grab the key and then the invurnability.
I have a nice amount of health as well after grabbing soulsphere. 
Then I just clear everything and try to do the glide, which I failed somewhat.
My invurnability wore out before I could get through, so this could have been very close
if I took any more damage in the room after the teleporter, because the chaingunners will 
always take a significant part of my health in the exit room. 

I do a trigger skip to avoid 4 mancubi from turning up, they could easily push me off or kill me.
You can't get up if you fall down here.


Map 10: Final map, so a bit nervous at this point. I clear the hitscanners before I grab the blue key
the next part is very very dangerous, if I fail to get into the red key room I am most likely dead.

I did fail and this time I got very lucky, because you can very quickly have the revenants block
your next attempt or they can just hit you with 4-5 rockets.

A lot of shit going on, caco demons are coming, revenants are kind of fighting the mancubi,
and you might have chaingunners respawning. By the time I managed to get to the final area 
I was down to 9% health, luckily there are 2x25 health here. 

I manage to exit from there.


This was my first single segment run on nightmare, not sure if I want nothing to do with nightmare 
from now on, or a lot more of it :)


