Runner: Zero-Master
Date: 2015-04-05
IWAD: Plutonia.wad
Category: NM-Speed
Map: Episode 2, 11-20
Source Port: Competition Doom v2.0.2.1
Time: 13:33 (13:38.17)


Map	Time
11	01:02
12	01:27
13	03:46
14	01:02
15	00:57
16	01:00
17	00:24
18	00:35
19	00:59
20	02:21



Description:
This was the hardest NM episode run for plutonia, even though it was the shortest, due to map 12. 
Lots of tricks in this run: glide, arch-vile jump, rocket jump, SR50 keygrab and suicide exit.


Map 11: On the start of this map I try to quickly hit the switch on the left side while I run out of the room.
This will prevent several (sometimes all) arch-viles from teleporting into the maze.

There more times I do this map the more tired I get of focusing on movement so not a very good time here.

Map 12: This is by far the hardest map. 

The hellknight in the start doesn't always infight with the chaingunner and he can do a lot of damage.
The cacodemon can sometimes bite you on your way out, followed by chaingunners everywhere afterwards.
There's also a pain elemental that spawns lost souls that can drap you very quickly. 
There's the mancubus which you always have to kill before he kills you.

Then we have the cyberdemon which is responsible for the most resets, you have to hope he is infighting something
when you run from the switch to the teleporter. Lets not forget the chaingunners again after the teleporter.

Then we have to hope we don't get blocked going through the next 2 teleporters. Then there might be a 
cacodemon\chaingunner\shotgunner shooting you, followed up by being block by pain elemental, blocked by demon\spectre from below
arch-vile\baron hitting you or shotgunner killing you after teleporter again... 

And all of this is before I have even started on all the bullshit that can happen in the last room.
Respawned demon\spectre? reset, too many cacodemons alive? reset, too low on health by now? reset.
And lots more followed by a rocket jump in the end, which is the easy part, as long as you don't get hit midway through of course. 
Funny to look back at my UV-speed movie now and think how scared I was of doing the rocket jumps.

Map 13: Also a really difficult map, there's a long list of things that can go wrong here as well.
Unfortunately I had to include some cheap tactic where I open\close door to kill mancubi safely.
Luckly it turns out they can't shoot through the door, because they frequently shoot through walls
(oh yeah, I've lost a run to that bullshit too).

Somehow I didn't manage to kill the first arch-vile, but I got lucky with the arachnotron dying so quickly.
That part is always so random since I never know what is down there, and it usually takes a lot of rockets to clear a path.

The last part went really well, I managed to exit at 200\200. The centre arch-vile should always be infighting because of the zombiemen.
Then I have to be careful of not going to quickly and hope the zombiemen don't kill me meanwhile.

Map 14: Missed some rockets on map 13, but I had just enough. Also did a SR50 keygrab trick, which makes this run a lot easier.

Map 15: Easy map, though arch-viles might throw you off and with invurnability it is sometimes hard to see exactly where you end up afterwards.

Map 16: This map is really annoying. I've died here 3 times!
Unbelievable luck with that arch-vile, again. Last time this happened I tried to follow through with the route.
But, if I don't kill him he will most likely hit me at some point going for the jump to the teleporter.

So, I figured I could go back outside and try again instead, and it worked out really well.
I didn't take nearly as much damage as I usually do in the teleport room.

Map 17: Easy map, even easier with 40 cells, suicide exit to end the map... I don't even want to know how difficult the intended way is on NM.

Map 18: Got really unlucky with a shotgunner teleporting in right away, then I got very lucky when he didn't even hit?
The chaingunners can kill you really quickly, so better not miss the mega armor. Then I go for the megasphere which is 
usually quite safe, and makes this map much easier. Arch-vile jump to exit the map.

Map 19: With this health the map is easy, a glide at the end to reach the exit.

Map 20: This map is also not too bad with soo many cells to use. Difficult part is the 2 barons, since you can't really shoot here.
But with a lot of health I managed to reach exit without any trouble.

Last episode run for plutonia on nightmare is done, now the question is if it's possible to string it all together for a full movie.




