This is a DooM .LMP "Competition" Entry - Please forward it...
---------------------------------------------------------------

  TNTmax.TXT
  TNTmax.ZIP

  TNTmax.LMP - TNT:Evilution / complete UV Max movie

  Recorded with the Final DOOM executable (DOOM2.EXE), with
  the TNT31.WAD loaded

  level                        |  time 
  ------------------------------------
  System Control        (MAP01):  1:17
  Human BBQ             (MAP02):  4:11
  Power Control         (MAP03):  3:40
  Wormhole              (MAP04):  6:41
  Hanger                (MAP05):  4:37
  Open Season           (MAP06):  4:37
  Prison                (MAP07):  8:30
  Metal                 (MAP08):  6:34
  Stronghold            (MAP09):  7:14
  Redemption            (MAP10):  3:55
  Storage Facility      (MAP11):  5:21
  Crater                (MAP12):  6:48
  Nukage Processing     (MAP13):  6:15
  Steel Works           (MAP14):  7:49
  Dead Zone             (MAP15):  6:13
  Pharao                (MAP31): 11:14
  Caribbean             (MAP32):  8:23
  Deepest Reaches       (MAP16):  8:33
  Processing Area       (MAP17):  5:09
  Mill                  (MAP18): 13:30
  Shipping/Respawning   (MAP19):  9:17
  Central Processing    (MAP20): 17:45
  Administration Center (MAP21): 13:54
  Habitat               (MAP22):  6:11
  Lunar Mining Project  (MAP23):  5:51
  Quarry                (MAP24):  3:35
  Baron's Den           (MAP25): 10:03
  Ballistyx             (MAP26):  7:23
  Mount Pain            (MAP27): 16:43
  Heck                  (MAP28):  9:30
  River Styx            (MAP29): 11:27
  Last Call             (MAP30):  7:59

  
  Total time: 4hr 10min 09sec

  Description :-)

 MAP01 (100/16/100)
 Having gone through this level hundreds of times, I eventually 
 settled on a more laidback approach, Tysoning much of the way 
 through, picking up the Green Armor and even letting the Pinky
 stick around for a while. With such a long haul in prospect, 
 there is  no need to work yourself up at the very start; a cool,
 measured approach is the key in such long runs (especially if 
 you are only a mediocre player :). Quite atypically, I ended 
 with health below 50% here, however, the armor meter was good so
 I plowed right on. The right mood is more important than a few 
 seconds.
  
 MAP02 (100/100/100)
 I covered much of my strategy for the first episode in the TXTs
 for the previous runs and this Doomworld forum post -
 http://www.doomworld.com/vb/showthread.php?s=&postid=708129#post708129
 - so I'll just mention a few details. For a change, I rushed the
 two chaingunners on the ledges in the big Blue Key & Yellow Key room.
 The fight between the baron on the ledge and the cacos didn't happen
 until too late and the jump to the Blue Armor secret didn't work on
 the first try. OTOH, the strafe-50 from the Supercharge secret back
 to the exit ledge happens practically by itself by now.

 MAP03 (100/66/100)
 Love the creeping soundtrack on this one. The going is pretty good,
 except for some annoying misses at the Specters with the double barrel.

 MAP04 (100/100/100)
 Epic soundtrack. A certain Imp takes too long to die. The second 
 Revenant in the dark underground hallway robs me of some armor despite
 dying on schedule. According to the unhurried, methodical strategy set
 from the start, some time is devoted to clearing through the gap a few
 Imps and Pinkies from the Mancubus area before entering. The Arch-Vile
 gets busy reviving a Demon but is interrupted unceremoniously half-way
 with a couple of rockets to the head.

 MAP05 (100/52/100)
 Can't stop raving about the TNT music - another great track that can
 loop forever. Since this is a first-ever, might as well waste a few 
 seconds grabbing the Computer Map, right? The Revenants die in a nice,
 organized fashion - sweet. A smooth ride.

 MAP06 (100/100/100)
 A pretty standard run except that I manage to fall off the walkway into
 the ooze on the way back from the Yellow Key. Usually that's enough to
 abort the whole run, but here I am riding easy (the chosen psychological
 approach apparently starts bringing dividends). Getting the first Rev
 in the Rocket Launcher room on the second blast which saves time on the
 lift. A curious superstition: an Imp riding down the lift that leads to 
 the last key is a good omen. Heh, works this time. Just barely make the
 lift to exit. The intermission screen here, and all the later ones, is
 skipped to speed things up and minimize the distraction. Only the one 
 before MAP21 is allowed to unfold to the end - had to take a couple of 
 drags.

 MAP07 (100/86/100)
 The first big surprise - I don't recall getting under eight minutes here
 before. 100% kills is not a real concern once you've done this level a
 number of times, though some monsters do teleport at the wrong times and
 to the wrong places occasionally. During the practice runs with prBoom+
 I ran into a bug where the Berserk secret becomes inaccessible if you 
 cross some triggers in a certain way. Then the metal platform blocking 
 the switch that opens the Berserk's alcove refuses to come down all the
 way. Never seen it happen with the vanilla, though. Lost some time 
 chasing a skull that bounced between two teleporters - I'm a completist. 
 Didn't fall off the last walkway, at least. :)

 MAP08 (100/75/100)
 If you ever do this level, try not to forget that the first secret is 
 right behind the starting position. =) Didn't miss any lifts, that would
 have dampened my mood, strategy or not. This map is a good test for the
 differences in sound handling between DOOM and ports: in DOOM you can 
 hear the monsters fight in the final huge hall from the Invisibility &
 Green Armor area, while in prBoom+ you cannot.

 MAP09 (100/68/100)
 Still undone on NM! as of the time of this recording, but on UV this is 
 a nice relaxing massacre. The Chaingunners/Imp hallway has long stopped 
 making me nervous. The first Berserk can be ignored, unless you're low
 on health.

 MAP10 (100/80/100)
 I died a couple of times trying to use rockets on the Revenants and the
 Arachnotrons in the Yellow Key area. Plasma is the way to go here. I 
 always try to to get with a rocket blast the ambush group rising out of
 the ground by the window in the Red Key outdoor area, but that didn't 
 work this time.

 MAP11 (104/50/100)
 The fact that most of the monstars teleport in to three different 
 locations can be a pain in the ass, the second Archvile can give you
 a nasty surprise if you're not careful. Also, rocket use is strongly
 discouraged anywhere near doorways - in the countless times I went
 through this map I had quite a few ghosts here. Last time there was 
 even an Imp on the lower level who wondered in from somewhere around
 the lift to the Megasphere secret. An Imp, a Zombie or a Sarge are 
 usually easy to get rid of, but a skeleton or a Chainie can mean an
 almost certain death. As for seeking cooperation from the Archie to
 get the first Megasphere, it's not something you seriously consider
 during a run of such length. Here I even fell twice in the crate room
 heading for the exit - the first symptoms of fatigue?

 MAP12 (100/66/100)
 Missing the lift to the Super Shotgun leads to a slight change of 
 plans.  Very healthy infighting at the Supercharge; the valiant 
 Arachnotrons save me some work and ammo. The first Revenant refuses 
 to cooperate, but the rest proceeds as it should.

 MAP13 (100/54/100)
 Me and my old pal the Cyber's clean out the large courtyard. Following
 the mop-up operation the relations deteriorate due to the dispute over
 the possession of the prized Plasma Rifle. Sorry bud, but I really need
 it. Pausing for a sec to take in the nice view stretching away from the
 exit chamber. Moving on.

 MAP14 (100/68/100)
 A nice well-balanced map, much in the spirit of the original DOOM. 
 Stepping through the smoke cloud left behind by the crumbling Spider
 Mastermind is my equivalent of walking off into the sunset. Those twin
 crusher set at the end used to make me nervous, believe it or not.

 MAP15 (97/100/100)
 John Keniry called this the best TNT level. If you're tired of the 
 linearity of the previous maps, this one will provide a welcome change.
 Particularly nice with multiple long run attempts, as it allows you to
 vary the route choice to break the monotony. The Arch-Vile is released
 early and gratefully obliges by stepping forth up to my Rocket Launcher.
 As previously mentioned, a Caco and a Pain Elemental behind the north-east
 wall are unaccessible, hence only 94 out of 96 kills is possible, which 
 translates into 96% but is often masked by the extra kills courtesy of 
 that same Archie, which is what happened here. One last tour of the 
 facilities to round up any stragglers before moving on to the prettiest
 map in the set.

 MAP31 (100/37/100)
 I viewed those two Health Potions under the crusher next to the Yellow
 Key as a challenge and so had to grab them, heheh. The Cyber killed me
 a couple of times on previous occasion, but it apparently was tired this
 time around. Taking a slight detour at the end to show the scrolling 
 marquee at the regular exit.
 Another bug that, like on MAP07, only happened to me in prBoom+, in the 
 area with the Arch-Vile twins: doing the hidden switches in the stone 
 panels that rise out of the ground left-then-right instead of the usual
 right-then-left resulted in the section with the Arachnotron not rising
 completely, thus stalling further progress. The run had to be aborted 
 mid-way, dammit. Also, if you didn't have the patch WAD TNT31.WAD loaded,
 you'll have a desync early on on this level, not to mention the Yellow 
 Key missing. Get the fix from http://www.classicdoom.com/pctnt31p.htm

 MAP32 (100/97/100)
 Not afraid to get my feet wet early on the way to the BFG. Generally, 
 there are so many Soul Spheres it makes you wish you could take one 
 with you to Mount Pain (MAP27), where it is really needed. A few previous 
 attempts were marred by screwing up the exit sequence, which is quite lame,
 although excusable if you consider that the recording nears the two-hour
 mark. Once the second Archie (in the underground maze towards the exit)
 managed to lower the wall section/door that separates the barrel-filled 
 hall from the room with the Baron, the Specter and the switch that 
 releases that Archvile, and the damn wall/door wouldn't rise again. 
 Another abort, grrrr.

 MAP16 (100/100/100)
 A deceptively huge-looking level with excellent layout and gameplay. 
 The soundtrack is kind of creepy, which is another plus in my book. 
 Wish this map were a bit larger so you could play it for an hour, heheh.
 The Blue Key is actually useful in this run as I save the Megasphere 
 for the next level - not strictly necessary but exiting with 200/200
 provides a confidence boost. Love the 200-feet drop under that magnificent
 sky and the Red Key trick.

 MAP17 (102/82/100)
 Playing a bit more aggressively than usual. Saving the Invul to rush
 the secret area with the Rocket Launcher and the Arachnotron. Spending 
 a couple of extra seconds to take a ride into the sky at the Supercharge
 secret. Exiting two minutes short of the two-hour mark - almost half-way
 through Evilution.

 MAP18 (100/100/100)
 The mid-point of the run is reached as I exit through the Red Key door.
 Beyond that door there is a room with a set of six lifts, one of which 
 lowers a Demon and the opposite of which leads to the Yellow Key area.
 Once I got stuck after falling off the north-east lift into the nook with
 the twitching body impaled on a stake. Was I majorly PO'd? Do you even 
 have to ask? Another reason not to hurry through TNT.

 MAP19 (100/100/100)
 The completist in me makes a couple of detours here, to show the Green 
 Armor "secret" and the teleport back to the start area (although the
 latter can be considered a shortcut to the Supercharge secret). This 
 level features a fantastic outdoor area, with a parked trailer à la
 Doomsday of UAC and a gated roadway curving away into the darkness.
 And then there is a very decent approximation of a conveyor line with
 a stream of crates moving along. It's details like these that make TNT 
 so dear.

 MAP20 (100/79/100)
 One of the hardest levels in the set, with several critical points. It 
 is relatively easy to get complacent and kick the bucket on the Red Key
 stairs; in the area after the Yellow Key door, surrounded by the 
 Arch-Vile, the Pain Elemental and the Imp battalion, with three 
 Chaingunners providing tactical support; and in the Spider Mastermind
 area - an Arch-Vile, the Spider himself, a bunch of disorderly skeletons
 and a Pain Elemental sneaking behind you at the most inopportunate moment.
 If you are not dead-tired at this point, however, it is all pretty simple.
 I almost panicked after taking a Revenant missile to the head and then
 being outflanked by the Chaingunners below; the health dropped below 50% -
 red alert! - so I had to scramble quickly back to the start area to grab
 some Medikits. Other than that, it was a smooth ride.

 MAP21 (100/72/100)
 I hope the various runs I did for this level last year did much to 
 dispell its dreary reputation. Things are even livelier given the 
 arsenal accumulated during the previous levels. Another dangerous
 health drop as an Imp suddenly pops up in front of my rocket launcher
 early on. Taking the Megasphere early to save time and reduce the 
 chance of accidents near the Blue Key. Nice to have the BFG in the Pain 
 Elemental chamber. The Cyber twice tricks me by teleporting out, but is 
 still disposed of with only two BFG blasts in the rump end, a goodie.

 MAP22 (100/100/100)
 This initiates a series of laidback, relaxing maps. The only challenge
 is getting the first Archie with one BFG shot through the wall. This 
 time, the blast wipes out everything along with him, too; that's a first.
 The rest is simple.

 MAP23 (102/66/100)
 Nice and easy, with a Chaingunner at the exit volunteering to help. The
 three-hour mark is crossed uneventfully on the approaches to the Blue
 Key area, with the Invul on.

 MAP24 (100/53/100)
 A short, simple map. Only the Revenant at the exit causes a delay.

 MAP25 (100/100/100)
 Revenants are my least favorite enemy, as you can tell from this part.
 Several of them here refuse to die quickly and force me to waste time
 and ammo. The Arch-Vile is a good boy, though. The health again drops
 below 50% when I'm careless around the Blue Key, but there is plenty
 of it around. Several Lost Souls survive, blasted by their parent
 Pain Elementals' explosion into the void outside the level.

 MAP26 (100/75/100)
 A nice map. I have a fondness for levels with cramped, maze-like 
 sections, though I'm not too crazy about mazes. Faithful to the 
 doctrine of eliminating everything that moves, I pause at the
 opening to the three Lost Souls cavern with the burning barrels.
 The Arch-Vile makes an annoying escape, which causes some delay.

 MAP27 (100/95/100)
 Here it is, the major stumbling block in the path of anyone attempting
 a complete movie run. It is huge and features some of Evilution's 
 fiercest pitched battles. The relative scarcity of health doesn't help,
 just one single Supercharge would greatly reduce the overall difficulty.
 Its absence makes the end section is a hardcore race for survival. 
 Shortly after the Yellow Key, where I take time to eliminate as many
 enemies from the visible part of the walkway opposite the window, the
 health points dwindle to 17%, which necessitates another backtracking
 hunt for health. Here is an example of mental fatigue causing irrational
 behavior: instead of heading straight for the Berserk pack that I 
 deliberately saved up for the end, I waste time hunting for stimpacks.
 Still, all's well that ends well, and I exit with everything dead save
 for a handful of Lost Souls trapped at the top of the mount. Now there
 are close to forty other Lost Souls free to roam the final stage, and 
 dealing with them is what accounts for the time being the longest of 
 the whole set.
 
 MAP28 (102/100/100)
 A happy romp on a nice Casali board. The Revenant battalion next to 
 the Red Key causes a momentary health drop but with two Megaspheres and
 plenty of Medikits, that's nothing to worry about. A slight delay is 
 caused at the end when it turns out that an Imp sneaked behind me. 
 Last August another sonavabitch pulled the same dirty trick on me in 
 the tunnels on Mount Pain, leading to 99% kills and the abort of an 
 otherwise great run. His compadre here is dumb enough to try to rush me 
 from behind and all ends well.

 MAP29 (107/93/100)
 Another fun Casali map to blast through. I used to be very afraid of 
 the crusher, even more so than the end section of Mount Pain. It always
 worried how lame it would be to be squashed so near the end of the 
 objective. Now I tend to think that it would require a deliberate 
 effort to get stuck there. The Arch-Vile at the Yellow Key succumbs 
 quickly, which is a relief, although I panick briefly for no good 
 reason - the fatigue irrational syndrome again - when the Red Key
 door closes behind me. The final watershed, the four-hour mark is 
 crossed as the battle in the Yellow Key area winds down.

 MAP30 (105/100/100)
 Now dying in one of those instant-death teleporters at the start 
 would be the dumbest thing in the world, so I had a few sessions of
 fill-up runs on this map to avoid that risk. It was then that the 
 fool-proof method of dealing with the final area was conceived. The
 Revenant area is not dangerous, as long as you keep moving. MAP27 is
 much worse, IMO.

 This monster project was started in 2001. Those curious about how it 
 all started can read the two relevant threads on DOOM newsgroups:
 http://groups.google.com/group/rec.games.computer.doom.playing/browse_thread/thread/219c771736433456
 http://groups.google.com/group/alt.games.doom/browse_thread/thread/51a114601f887dd0
 
 There were rumors that Sedlo and Catalaa were working on it as well,
 but these remain unconfirmed. If anyone has an incomplete run sitting
 on an old hard drive gathering dust, I'd like to see it, though.

 Before signing off I'd like to thank the following people:
 - Opulent, for his incredible dedication to the demo scene and DSDA
 - Grazza, for his invaluable demo pattern effort, the best books on
   the Alekhine Defence and infinite patience with yours truly
 - Rob Ellwood, for taking part in the early stages of the project and 
   his insights and suggestions - I really hope you are well and fine
   and around to see this, man!
 - DeDo, for sharing the love for TNT:Evilution and spurring me on
 - myk, for being an uncompromising DOOM fundamentalist and hosting the 
   Cpanel mouse driver used in these recording sessions
 - Ledmeister, for being the encyclopedia of all things DOOM
 - Adam Hegyi, for Compet-N
 - Xit Vono and stx-Vile for their incredible demos and movie runs 
   in particular
 - Vincent Catalaa, whose Plutonia max movie provided a terrific 
   inspirational boost to my own efforts
 - Colin Phipps for prBoom and kindly answering questions
 - e6y, for prBoom+, the ultimate demo freak's port

 and all other people who showed interest and provided encouragement
 over the years.

  Never_Again
  tpoppins@juno.com