This is a DooM .LMP "Competition" Entry - Please forward it...

RQ25-042.TXT

 RQ25-042.ZIP

  RQ25-042.LMP - Ultra Violence Speed!

  Recorded using Doom2 Version 1.9
  Doom2 -File REQUIEM.WAD -PlayDemo with Version 1.9

  Requiem - Level 25 - Chaos Zone

  Kills     11%
  (Items    25%)          ********
  Secrets    0%  and Time * 0:42 *
                          ********
                          
  Description:
  After watching Erik Alm's pacifist I realized the second section was
  much easier leaving the chaingunners alone since the monsters that
  teleport in won't wake up. I hold back on firing there until I get to
  the blue key, at which point the extra chaos is more helpful (distracts
  the archie) than harmful.
  I had a slight bobble running for the armor, so I lost a second there.
  Other elements of the run worth mentioning:
  - At the start I open the door and slide to the left, so when I start
  straferunning for the key the shotgunner will have moved to the
  side.
  - I stay a little bit to the left opening the second door, so the
  chaingunner steps to the left so I can squeeze in to the right. Then
  98% of the time the hell knights will move so I can run in on the
  left side, and 80% of the time the chaingunner will nick at least
  one of the hell knights, distracting him (which is important later).
  I also take one shot when opening the lift to wake up the shotgunner
  I meet shortly so he's positioned how I want him.
  - When I get to the shotgunner he has hopefully moved so that I can
  take him out without having to pick up his gun. Doom Guy will switch
  to single shotgun which loses time, and I want to use my
  double on the imps.
  - Then I go back to the lift, at which point hopefully one or both
  hell knights were distracted and aren't hanging about. If one is
  there I can run past him to get him to turn around, then run back
  and hit the lift just as this rises, but I can't always make this
  consistently.
  - When standing on the lift I stand on the left side so the
  cacodemon moves to the left as well, so I can quickly slide in
  on the right.
  - The three next monsters I dodge by eye, although right-left-left
  seems to work more often than usual.
  - At this point you could skip going for the armor, except the
  cacodemons and hell knight don't start any in-fighting and their
  configuration makes going for the switch take more time than the
  long route. (At least in my experience so far.) Plus, in this run,
  armor is your friend. ;)
  - After hitting the switch you can theoretically wallrun up to the
  lift, but you still have to be conscious of the monsters lobbing
  stuff at you.
  - The archie & monster positioning at this point is mostly luck, from my
  experience. Maybe someone has some insight on how to fix this
  problem. 8-)
  - If you manage to get out of all that with full or near to full
  health with armor (which I did manage once, but on a poor time) you
  might be able to archie jump to the island with the exit. I still
  need to test this.

  Jason Dyer
  jdyer41@aol.com
