This is a DooM .LMP "Competition" Entry - Please forward it...

MM19-135.TXT

 MM19-135.ZIP

  MM19-135.LMP - UV Speed

  Recorded using Doom2 Version 1.9
  Doom2 -File MM.WAD -PlayDemo with Version 1.9

  Memento Mori - Level 19 - Maltraiter

  Kills       41%
  Items        4%            
  Secrets      0%  and Time: 1:35 
                             ==== 

  Description :-)

  7th COMPET-N entry.

  As of this demo, "Memento Mori" has a full UV speed table! So 
  naturally I want to dedicate this one to Casey Alvis, who, in 
  his mm12-437.txt, wrote:
  "I've been trying to get help on finishing up the UV-Speedrun 
   tables for Memento Mori and Hell Revealed, any help would be 
   greatly appreciated you guys! I'd love to see them all 
   completed!! Thanks! ^_^"

  You're welcome. :-)

  This map isn't very interesting, but it's still fun to play (in 
  spite of the style changing every 20 seconds, heh). For such a 
  small map, there's a surprising amount of things to do.

  I struggled hard to get a good and quick demo, mostly because 
  this one wasn't built with speedrunning in mind: tight passages 
  filled with monsters, ugh! Having to pass over your steps a 
  couple of times doesn't help, either. And I really, really, came 
  to hate those marble stairways... Speeding through them without 
  getting stuck on the walls is just impossible.

  Anyway, I played this in a kind of safe manner (e.g. clearing out 
  some monsters with the rocket launcher, taking the soulsphere). 
  Sorry for the "max style" playing prior to taking the soulpshere... 
  I'm just not crazy enough to charge through everything. ;-)

  Even so, the attempts wherein I got to the exit were few and far 
  between. There's so much that can go wrong here. I nearly screwed 
  it up in this attempt, too -- that Baron at the end got me, and I 
  got stuck in the final room, so the ending came quite close.

  I want to thank Drew "stx-Vile" DeVore for some route ideas; I 
  studied his movie runs over this map, and pretty much played 
  copycat for the last half of the map (with just a little bolder 
  playing). Some ideas are my own, though -- for example the shotgun 
  shot at the start makes the imps at the yellow key door move out 
  of the way.

  If you're dead set on trying to improve this (can't see why, it's 
  such an unrewarding run), I wish you the best of luck -- you're 
  going to need it!

  Kristian Ronge
  zuckuss@gmail.com
