This is a DooM "COMPET-N" entry.

N1S7-256.TXT

 N1S7-256.ZIP

  N1S7-256.LMP - NightMare! with 100% secrets

  Recorded using DooM Version 1.9 (Ultimate Doom)
  Doom -PlayDemo with Version 1.9

  DooM - Episode 1 - Mission 7 - Computer Station

  Kills     94%
  (Items    47)
  Secrets  100%  and Time  02:56
                           -----

    Description:  Do you know the problem of nightmare LMPs?
                  They are the more entertaining the longer they are -
                  and in COMPET-N everybody tries to make them as short
                  as possible.
                  The 100% secret idea is a try to make nighmare recordings
                  as entertaining as the old pioneer recordings have been,
                  where the issue has been not to be fast, but just to
                  survive. Thanx to Anthe for those wonderful, stylish
                  recordings.
                  My opinion is that the 100% secret requirement is not
                  sufficient, to make the recordings as entertaining as
                  they have been. There are a couple of exceptions though -
                  but those recordings will be replaced by much faster ones,
                  which will make nightmare look easy again -
                  even with 100% secrets.
                  One of my suggestions is to implement AdamH's
                  "weapon collector" idea. In this particular map you would
                  need to get the rocketlauncher and the chainsaw as well
                  and taking the chainsaw would make quite a difference here.
                  Speaking of nightmare 100% secret and "weapon collector"
                  I suggest to try map 26. 100% secrets is a joke there, but
                  the "weapon collector" needs to play all parts of that map.
                  I have to mention Panters very interesting idea of dedicated
                  missions instead of new categories, which differ only in
                  some (few) maps.
                  Anyway I think we should give more emphasis to the MMH
                  categories, I'm pretty sure that these categories are well
                  suited to produce nice and entertaining LMPs.

         Author:  Steffen Udluft

         E-mail:  rini@mppmu.mpg.de

