This is a DooM .LMP "Competition" Entry - Please forward it...

N2S7-328.TXT

 N2S7-328.ZIP

  N2S7-328.LMP - Ultra Violence

  Recorded using "The Ultimate DooM"
  DooM -PlayDemo with (Ultimate) DooM

  DooM - Ep.2 Mi.7 - Nightmare hidey-holes

  Kills         68%
  Items         51%
  Secrets       100%
  Time          03:28
                -----

  Description :

Owww...picked a hard one here :). The BIG problem is the demons at the start.
Getting the berserk first might seem a strange way of doing things, but
trust me, it's the best :). It makes the invuln last comparatively longer,
and it's also very very very difficult to get to the berserk if you get the
invuln first. It's easy once you get the blue key up until trying to get
back out :). (The reason I go into the area which opens from the switch is
to get the cells, essential for later on - I don't actually know if it's
tagged secret, but you have to go there anyway :>). Getting out can be a
BASTARD, and is only possible if you're a) very slow or b) very quick. If
you're very quick, your invuln is still working while you punch your way out.
If you're slow, like in this demo, you have a chance of dragging all the
pinkies into the baron/caco area, thus allowing an easy passage back
out. That's what happened here. I had to punch the two imps - if you don't,
they have a nasty habit of ambushing you while you deal with the two pinkies
from the start (well, in this demo, one pinkie, I haven't got a clue what
happened to the other one :>). Doing the switch up the stairs behind the
blue door before getting the second invuln is essential, or at least very
hard to live without, because otherwise the second invuln runs out a bit
too early - this _is_ an area for possible optimisation, however. The caco
is very very nasty when you have the invisibility, you don't know where its
shots are going to go...it's killed me lots of times, I got lucky here :).
Messed up the outside a bit :). After getting the second invuln, it's pretty
much plain sailing, although I once got killed by an imp in the teleporter
room with the rocket launcher in it, and once by a spectre which trapped me
with 5 cells on the way back out - DOH! A satisfying level to finish, though.

Adam Williamson
adam@scisoft.force9.co.uk
