This is a DooM .LMP "Competition" Entry - Please forward it...

RN15S854.TXT

 RN15S854.ZIP

  RN15S854.LMP - Nightmare!

  Recorded using Doom2 Version 1.9
  Doom2 -File REQUIEM.WAD -PlayDemo with Version 1.9

  Requiem - Level 15 - Last Resort - Secret Exit

  Kills     99%
  (Items    50%)          *********
  Secrets   71%  and Time *  8:54 *
                          *********
                          

  Description :-)
  
  This one turned out to be harder than I expected. I started
  trying it some time ago after finishing rn22 but after a
  couple days without success I got distracted with other
  things and started trying again recently. I think there's
  about 3 spots where things can get hectic. Well, the first
  one starts from the bridge in the room with 2 spiders.
  Sometimes if the hell knight respawns early you can kill him
  with rockets so the door stays open. This doesn't happen that
  often but when you can do that it is quite convenient. After
  that you have to kill a couple of barons and then get through
  the blue key room which can have up to 3 mancos in it. In my
  TAS demo and in my early attempts I would kill the mancos with
  single barrel shotgun so they wouldn't get into that room, but
  then that's boring to kill them that way and they can still be
  a pain outside since probably all 3 will respawn. With this
  method you can either make a run for it preferrably with the
  caco holding open the door or kill a few mancos and hide in
  the far corner for a while. After that I found that once
  up the stairs the best way to deal with a bunch of gunners is
  with rockets and then chaingun to finish them off. From here
  until the soulsphere things are less intense. In this demo you
  can see that a pain elemental shot a skull out which bothered
  me for a while. Anyways at the sphere it can be a problem to
  get down without getting stuck on pigs and imps, and then one
  has to hope that one can avoid the teleporting pigs at the key
  and preferrably avoid the closing bars as well. The red key
  spot is very dangerous. In my TAS demo I killed both pain
  elementals before dealing with the baron, but I think that's
  at least as dangerous as the way I did it. After that if you 
  have decent health left it shouldn't be too hard. I only made
  it here twice and the last time I had low health and had ammo
  problems with the teleporting pigs. I took the secret exit
  in this demo, but after reaching the megasphere, I think it's
  not difficult to proceed to the normal exit either. Nightmare
  secrets may be worth looking at as well, as I missed only 2
  secrets, and I think one of them was the berzerk. The other
  one is a green armor, which shouldn't be too hard to get.
  It probably doesn't make much sense to get that in a regular
  nightmare run because there's another green armor later on
  and I'm usually at 100/100 there anyways, so it would only
  help with the mass of gunners.

  Xit Vono
  Xit_vono@yahoo.com