This is a Doom .LMP "Competition" Entry

pp22-407.txt
pp22-407.zip

pp22-407.lmp 

Recorded using Final Doom Version 1.9
Doom2 -playdemo with Version 1.9

Plutonia Experiment - MAP22 - Impossible Mission

=--------------=
Kills         ?
Items         ?
Secrets       ?

Time       4:07
=--------------=

C-N entry #208.

Without a doubt, this is the most painful pacifist
run I've ever done.  It was long known to be possible
technically, but attempting this bastard just invites
self-torture and anguish.  The way I even started my
attempts with this run were completely random... that
recent 30pl max run by Vince got me looking at the
plutonia tables again for some reason.  I decided to
mess around with map22 max, again, "for some reason"
that I don't know.  Finally, I just decided to look at
this run again, since Kristian Ronge recently finished
a TAS run of it.  Anyway, my route here could probably
benefit from some explanation, so here we go.

I didn't have a foolproof method of approaching this
level, since the route I finally stuck with has some
very hairy situations late in the run, which is avoided
if it can be helped.  The yellow key is grabbed last, so
you can imagine that there must be some better method
of handling this run... regardless, here it is step by
step:

1.  Get the blue key.  Before actually getting the key,
I briefly stop over in the chaingunner maze and wake a
few of them up.  This way, when I'm actually going for
the key, they won't be in my way when I return later.
Getting the key itself is easy, but must be done first
for the route to work.

2.  Run the maze.  This is the first lucky bit, since
the final chaingunner can either choose to get distracted
by chaingun fire, or simply stop in the doorway and wreck
the run.  Either way, once past the maze, activate the
switch and go through the teleport.

3.  Red key room.  As soon as you arrive, make an attempt
to grab the key.  If the archvile starts firing right
away, bail and jump into the slime, since you can try it
again later once you get the yellow key.  Health well
above 100% is more important, IMO.  Anyway, once here,
what needs to be done is to have all the enemies teleporting
onto the pad killed, so you won't telefrag them when you
return later.  Basically, you just have to wait around until
no more appear.  Secondly, what causes the most boring part
of the run... the archvile has to die so he won't be trouble
once you return for the red key (assuming you missed it) AND
so he doesn't revive any monsters that are on the teleport pad
so you don't frag them when you return.  This is just a huge
snorefest... but has to be done.

4.  Yellow key run.  I really REALLY hated doing this late
in the run, but for this route, I didn't have much choice.
At least I had the most possible health, AND I had a chance
to grab the green armor from the chaingunner maze first.
Running to the key is not hard... but waiting for the ledge
back home to clear out is rough.  You have to make sure its
absolutely clear before you teleport up, or you'll invalidate
the run due to telefrags.  This is a complete luck fest, since
getting back out of the room is also tricky due to chaingunners
following you from the maze and blocking the way out.  However,
if all goes well, the way will be partially clear, so you can
escape via the red key teleport.

5.  The final rooms.  I screwed up the plan here but I'll explain
it anyway.  Basically, I was going to hit the second switch from
the bottom to open up the secret areas in the back.  This provides
some health kits and more room to dodge the imps while waiting
for the revenants to move away from the switch ledge.  I missed
the switch completely, but still lived through the experience. :)

Anyway, once switched, run like hell for the exit.  Even the exit
scenario can be a pain because if you wait too long, the revenants
milling around the exit teleporter will come into the alcove and
block your path, and won't move backwards for ANYTHING.  I almost
got blocked in by the revenants here but narrowly squeaked by.


So, hope that clears things up, being my longest text file for a
single level run.  Thanks to all the monsters who cooperated at
the same time at long last, since now I can finally get back to work
on school stuff... the run kept nagging me to come back whenever I
got close. :)

Author: Drew DeVore "stx-Vile"
E-mail: drwdevore@aol.com