This is a DooM .LMP "Competition" Entry - Please forward it...

MM11R242.TXT

 MM11R242.ZIP

  MM11R242.LMP - UV -respawn

  Recorded using Doom2 Version 1.9
  Doom2 -File MM.WAD -PlayDemo with Version 1.9

  Memento Mori - Level 11 - Halls of Insanity

  Kills      100%
  Items       16%            
  Secrets      0%  and Time: 2:42 
                             ==== 

  Description :-)

  DM2GM2.WAD by Eric Reuter is a 1994 level that looks great
  for its time and is excellent in the gameplay department.
  When played normally, it's rather short and easy.  However,
  if you choose to max it, you will find a level that's very
  fun to play.  As it was designed primarily as a deathmatch
  level, many routes are possible, and you can even start a
  Gotcha!-style Cyberdemon vs. Mastermind fight if your luck
  and your maneuvering skills are good enough.  All in all,
  it's a level that's very much worth playing.

  Then you play /this/ version of the level, the one that
  appears in the legendary megawad Memento Mori, and you
  wonder what the hell happened.

  Welcome to my first "real" Compet-N entry.  My first
  submission to the site was a miscellaneous demo, a UV speed
  run for Steve Towle's craptacular super-secret level in
  Memento Mori II, all the way back in May 2007.  Since then,
  I wondered if I could ever make a run that /wasn't/
  miscellaneous.  Earlier this month, I saw Never Again's UV
  -respawn demo for TNT: Evilution MAP27: Mount Pain
  (ER27-856.LMP.)  This inspired me to do a UV -respawn demo
  for one of my own maps, Community Chest 3 MAP27: Ruby Abyss.
  This, in turn, inspired me to look for a -respawn slot that
  wasn't filled.  Soon, I found Memento Mori MAP11: Halls of
  Insanity, which never had a UV -respawn entry since the
  megawad's induction into Compet-N!  This inspired me to do a
  UV speed and UV max for DM2GM2, and then fill in that slot.

  On to the level, then.  This level is the result of Denis
  Möller taking DM2GM2 and editing it for cooperative
  multiplayer, adding cooperative-only stuff and making it
  harder, to make it fit in with the rest of the wad.
  Evidently, he loved the level and wanted to include it in
  the megawad.  Only thing is, he didn't seem to realize what
  what /really/ made the original level so good; all of the
  route possibilities present in DM2GM2 are closed off, so you
  end up with only one path that Denis hammered out for you,
  and maxing becomes boring.  Making it worse is that you
  can't even get 100% Kills, because he forgot to tag all of
  the coop-exclusive monsters as multiplayer only.

  Playing it on -respawn, however, rectifies that, as respawned
  monsters will make up for all the Kills you can't get.  It
  makes me wonder why nobody did a -respawn demo for this level
  until now.  Even so, I start off by killing some enemies in
  the coop-only area, just to get some Kills added.  And then I
  go downstairs, kill the zombies down there, and proceed until
  I open the door to the blue key.  I only take out the enemies
  directly in front of me; I don't like having to kill enemies
  you can't really see because their heads are completely
  obscured by the bottom side of some caging.  I proceed to open
  the windows into the zombie storage and take them all out,
  after which I kill the imps at the east, and grab the blue
  key.  Immediately after that, I blow up the barrels, and go
  through the tunnel to the blue door.  Terminating the enemies
  behind it, I get the rocket launcher, some shells, and some
  health, and go east.  I slip past the Baron to get a box of
  shells, and then take on the Arachnotrons.

  This is another part I'm not fond of.  The obvious solution
  is to kill the Arachnotrons with the rocket launcher, but
  your aim has to be good, or else the autoaim will think
  you're trying to kill the Imps /behind/ the Arachnotrons and
  make the rocket fire /upwards./  Ugh.  Once you kill the
  soldiers in the east, enter the teleporter, kill any
  soldiers at your destination, and hit the nearby switch.
  Go through the wide door at the northwest of the next hall,
  kill the Imps there, grab the rockets, and get the yellow
  key.  The reason I go through the dooorway opened by the
  switch, rather than teleporting out, is so I can proceed to
  the blue key room and get more Kills easily.  I also kill
  some Imps around the yellow key hall so I don't have to deal
  with them as I'm taking out other foes.  After killing the
  zombies in the zombie storages again, I run through the
  yellow door (slaughtering foes all the way,) reach the exit
  corridor, kill the Spectre, and end the map.

  My first exit in a practice run was 3:27.  My first recorded
  exit was a 3:15.  After about 20 minutes, I got a 3:10 demo,
  and then knocked off a second to get 3:09 an hour and a half
  later.  Twenty more minutes later, in my attempts to break
  3:00, I got 2:42 in what has got to be the luckiest result
  I've ever seen in a demo.  When I finished the level here, I
  was surprised when I saw the time and a Kill reading of 100%.
  I felt lucky then, but when I looked at this demo in a source
  port, I realized /how/ lucky I was: The last few Kills before
  the death of the Spectre, making the Kill count exactly 113
  at the moment I kill him, are caused by an Arachnotron
  getting shot as I run to the yellow door, and then gunning
  down the culprit and his friends just before I end the level!
  It's like the game realized I turn 21 tomorrow and decided to
  give me a massive stroke of luck as a birthday gift.  I could
  have tried to push for time again, but I was so happy I broke
  the three-minute barrier by that much that I decided I was
  fine with it.  As with the max demo, the Secret count is 0%
  because there are no sectors in the level flagged as secret.
  Enjoy my first "true" Compet-N entry!

- Eric "The Green Herring" Baker -
- eabaker@san.rr.com -
- February 15, 2008 -
