This is a DooM .LMP "Competition" Entry - Please forward it...

MM12R304.TXT

 MM12R304.ZIP

  MM12R304.LMP - UV -respawn

  Recorded using Doom2 Version 1.9
  Doom2 -File MM.WAD -PlayDemo with Version 1.9

  Memento Mori - Level 12 - Kinetics

  Kills      103%
  Items      100%            
  Secrets      0%  and Time: 3:04 
                             ==== 

  Description :-)

  After over six months of inactivity, I have returned to the
  Compet-n with a new UV -respawn demo.  It's on yet another level
  that has never had a -respawn demo, but this time, it's on the
  level in Memento Mori that immediately follows the last one I
  submitted a demo for... and the one that Andy Olivera called "the
  worst map in the set."  That's right, I'm talking about MAP12:
  Kinetics, the home of garish stone rooms with shoddy texture
  alignment, totally dark rooms for no good reason, and a building
  staircase that turns deadly if you don't move away from its
  switch fast enough.  It's bad enough that Denis Möller allowed
  such a bad level in the first place, but even worse is that none
  of its issues were fixed between the original release and its
  update.  We are thus left with an ugly and buggy map that isn't
  much fun to play on the Compet-n.  Wonderful.

  The story of this demo begins on September 27, 2008, when I
  started practicing on this map without recording anything.  After
  several tries, I got a time of 3:31.  When I tried to record on
  it, however, I was never able to get a successful exit.  I put it
  off until today, when I was reminded to record something by the
  demo activity of tatsurd-cacocaco, a Japanese Doom player whose
  demos I uploaded for him thanks to his inability to access the
  Compet-n FTP.  I went back to record, and strangely enough, I had
  a lot more success, getting a 3:14.  Then I ended up getting 3:06,
  and I tried harder and harder to get a time under 3:00.  After a
  while, however, the cruddiness of the map was too much for me, and
  I settled on this 3:04 demo.  And boy, is it ugly!

  Enough of that, though; let's discuss my strategy.  The level
  begins with a slow descent lasting about 20 seconds where enemies
  wait to ambush you from alcoves, including three which are rigged
  to crush people.  (Morons.)  The first thing you'll notice is that
  I deliberately activate all three crushers, so that anyone who
  respawns up there gets pancaked and adds to the Kill count while
  you're shooting things up elsewhere.  I also spare the Hell
  Knights around the red key at first, because if you kill them
  right then and there, they'll just respawn when you get back there
  later, forcing you to waste more ammo to cake care of them again.
  Oh, and I skip the entire "pillars lower at four sides with Barons
  and Hell Knights" section because respawned monsters can die in
  place of the monsters you find there.  Otherwise, this is based on
  Xit Vono's 4:57 UV max, which I watched before I started practicing
  and recording.

  As with my last Memento Mori demo, I end the map with 0% Secrets
  because the map doesn't have any in the first place.  I must
  emphasize that this is a /really/ ugly demo, but then, I guess it's
  fitting that I made an ugly demo for an ugly map.  I just wish I
  was able to get a sub-3:00 time, but at least it's 1:53 faster than
  Xit's max demo, and 2:36 faster than Casey Alvis's.  Without further
  ado, enjoy this table-filling demo!

  What, you expected another novel-length description?  Shame on you!
  ;p

- Eric "The Green Herring" Baker -
- eabaker@san.rr.com -
- October 2, 2008 -

P.S. When I stated "Last Sunday" in M226R545.TXT, I meant "the Sunday
before last week."  Y'see, I started writing that on March 22, the
Saturday I recorded that demo, but then it became Sunday and I forgot
to update that part.  Funny, that.
