This is a DooM .LMP "Competition" Entry - Please forward it...

TN09-559.TXT

 TN09-559.ZIP

  TN09-559.LMP - Nightmare!

  Recorded using The Final Doom Version 1.9 !
  Doom2 -PlayDemo with The Final Doom Version 1.9

  The Final Doom: TNT: Evilution - Level 9 - Stronghold

  Kills    137%
  (Items    48%)          ********
  Secrets   45%  and Time * 5:59 *
                          ********
                          

  Description :-)
  
  Well, finally the last hole in final doom falls. It's one
  that for a long time I had assumed impossible, but eventually
  I heard that Stx-Vile was trying it and that he claimed that
  it was definitely possible. Well, Stx-Vile never got around
  to finishing it, so finally I have the chance to do it after
  filling in holes in Requiem and Memento Mori 1 and 2. It is
  understandable why Stx-Vile didn't finish it. I found this to
  be extremely difficult. I'm not saying that I don't think
  Stx-Vile could have done it. Stx-Vile is a great player and
  I'm sure he's capable of something like this. I think he just
  got tired of it and moved on, like I have done on a few
  occasions. He did mention something about it being problematic
  to try this without sound, so perhaps without this problem
  we would have a tn09 already. Anyways, I expected this to be
  not too difficult, well perhaps somewhat easier than m206 since
  when I tried it with savegames I had few difficulties and many
  of those difficulties can be overcome by practicing certain
  key points.
	Well, as for the run in general and this demo, I would say
  that my demo got off to somewhat of a bad start. For example, I
  needlessly got shot by a seargent before the first switch. Also,
  it looks stupid for me to wander up to the dead chainer when I
  should have known the stimpack was gone already. There's also
  some movement errors up near the red switch. However, I had good
  luck in that area, and managed to maintain most of my health up
  to the blue key. The red switch area is of course a key point.
  Excellent chaingun may be necessary to avoid getting stuck or
  being damaged by respawning monsters. Even so a little bit of
  luck is required. The next key area is down below the blue key.
  I try to get through the previous rooms quickly so that the
  invisibility lasts up to this key area. It helps to have good
  SSG use and it's really nice to be able to leave the medikit
  as it can come in handy later and also moving in that direction
  makes it harder to kill monsters in the next room, as staying
  to the right allows them to be bunched up and to mostly have to
  ignore the left while blasting them with SSG. Also, taking the
  medikit costs time which means the invisibility may run out
  before the barrels are blown up. My method for below the blue
  key is to take the stimpack in the small room, then to try to
  blow up the barrels with a skillful SSG shot, then to kill the
  chainer and one seargent up above with hopefully one SSG shot,
  although using more than one is fine as well. Then I run up
  the crates and shoot the remaning chainer, as the other will
  usually be shooting at imps and is not considered dangerous.
  Then I quickly back up over the crates and proceed with the
  doors. The next key part starts with the backpack which when
  approached opens many doors. I kill as many monsters as possible
  before taking the backpack, then using chaingun, shoot the
  remaining seargent, and shoot at the imps for a while before
  the monsters released can damage me. There is usually a chainer
  at the top which can be somewhat helpful as he damages imps for
  you. Then after clearing up the top I drop down and take the
  berzerk. In this demo, I still had much health so I could 
  start blasting with SSG for a while beforehand. Unfortunately
  I took some damage from up above which meant that I had low
  health for the next area. Fortunatly I had saved my medikit,
  and I had excellent luck with the blue switch area so I could
  take the medikit at the switch which opens the exit and have
  excellent health for the next key part, which is a run to the
  blue door. At this point there are really too many monsters
  to clear everything safely, in particular there are monsters
  from near the very first switch. I try to clear out the room
  that I need to run through, then hide in the corner where
  I won't be attacked by monsters behind me, clear the monsters
  near the blue door, and make a run for it. If possible I close
  the door behind me as that permanently shuts out all the
  previous monsters. I had good luck for that run and managed
  to make it to this point with over 50 health, which is usually
  good enough to finish. However, this was the fourth time I reached
  this point, each time with enough health to have a good chance
  at the ending. Unfortunately, Adrenalin starts to kick in around
  here and it becomes nearly impossible to shoot accurately which
  means that I had 3 failed demos due to my inability to play with
  a cool head. This time my nerves were only slightly better but
  I managed to finish this map without any major fuckups. My method
  of going in the secret to take a stimpack and to safely clear out
  the exit room makes things manageable.
	This demo is of course not nightmare secrets, although it
  may be possible to do it while taking all the secrets. The problem
  secret would be the berzerk secret, as that involves quite a lot of
  fighting, however I think it ought to be possible, and of course
  the berzerk should help somewhat. There are some secrets near the
  end which I skipped over that I believe are not really problematic.
  If you do this part you will get a rocket launcher, which might come
  in handy for the rest of the map. However, with the potential to
  blow myself up and also some possible damage taken to get there I
  opted to skip this part.
  	For those who are curious, I was listening to Beethoven's
  7'th symphony while recording this. The second movement ended
  just as I reached the ending which starts after the blue door.
  

  Xit Vono
  Xit_vono@yahoo.com