PA19-052.TXT

 PA19-052.ZIP

  PA19-052.LMP - Pacifist style!
 
  Recorded using Doom2 Version 1.9
  Doom2 -PlayDemo with Version 1.9

  Doom2 - Level 19 - The Citadel

  Secrets   33%  and Time  00:52
                           -----


  Description :-)

Credit to Ilya Britvich for this trick, and Adam H for the exact method of
using it. Only 1 sec faster than Adam H, a refining run...I only did it
because I played for DANG and got a lot of 0:53s, which made me think 0:52
was on. Absolute human optimal would be 0:50 I think, this is an easy run
to get close to optimal. Before this run, I had another which I uploaded, it
has been pointed out to me by Steffen 'Rini' Udluft that it wasn't pacifist -
I shot a cacodemon near the start. It is actually hard to tell whether demos
here are genuinely pacifist, due to the shot you fire to start the platform
raising in the room you teleport to to get the red key - i'm pretty sure I
didn't shoot any imps, playing this back in dosdoom at 800x600 i'm pretty
sure I can see a bullet puff against a wall. If i'm wrong, correct me please,
Rini (or anyone else :>).

I declare here that I used ps2rate to make this run.
ps2rate increases the sampling rate of the ps/2 port where you connect (some)
mice, which means the movement of the mouse is checked, or "sampled", more
times per second, which in turn means that the turning in Doom is smoother.
I don't think this is cheating, because many of the high-end mice that are
used by top players (in Quake more than Doom, I think), do exactly the same
thing by default - I increased the rate from the Windows default of 80 to
200hz, whereas some of these mice run as high as 1000hz sampling. I don't
have a URL for the program any more, but I can mail a copy to anyone who wants
one. In most cases the program makes very little difference to play, but in
this case it makes the torch trick much easier to do. From the smoothness of
the movement in Adam H's demo, I think he _may_ have used a similar utility,
correct me if i'm wrong Adam :). Adam H tells me that he doesn't consider this
cheating, but all the same I think it's best to mention it, then I can't be
accused of not mentioning an advantage :). If anyone is interested in test
driving this utility, mail me (or Adam H, who also has a copy). It only works
on mice connected to ps/2 ports, I do believe there's an equivalent utility
for serial port mice but I don't know its name.

Adam Williamson
adam.williamson1@btinternet.com
