P1M32411.TXT

 P1M32411.ZIP

  P1M32411.LMP - Pacifist style!

  Recorded using Ultimate Doom
  Doom -PlayDemo with Version 1.9

  Doom - Ep.1 Mi.3 - Toxin Refinery

  Kills     51%
  Items     27%
  Secrets   14%

  Time    24:11
          -----

    Description: I did this using safegames at the time the original
                 Pacifist base was created and I never stopped believing
                 that it is possible in normal play too.
                 Months later I optimized the strategy patterns by while
                 playing it with slowmotion. But even with a slowmotion
                 factor of two it wasn't that easy.
                 Anyway I thought it to be possible w/o slowmo and I
                 practiced, and practiced and ...

                 ... now here it is:
                 Episode 1 Map 3 played with normal speed, without ANY cheats,
                 and ... it looks absolutely EASY.
                 btw: cheating spoils ALL THE FUN OF LMP COMPETITIONS !!!

                 Some word on strategy:
                 Istvan and Peo tried it by just running through, but I
                 think there is too little health to survive.
                 My strategy is to clear the map room by room,
                 always "removing" soldiers and sargeants first,
                 always avoiding crowds of monsters, using demons,
                 spectres and imps as shields, using barrels to get
                 rid of some monsters when the start to get in the way,
                 always leaving an imp or demon to remove nasty former
                 humans, take the armor as soon as possible,
                 using corners and the blue door to avoid getting hit,
                 and most important of all: save every piece of health!

                 Some words to the secret exit:
                 I tried to take the secret exit for some time, but the
                 narrow staircase always is blocked by one remaining
                 sargeant. Though it is possible to pass him, it will cost
                 too much health and you cannot leave the room after the
                 staircase easily.

         Author: Steffen Udluft

         E-mail: rini@mppmu.mpg.de

