This is a DooM .LMP "Competition" Entry

P1M66514.TXT

 P1M66514.ZIP

  P1M66514.LMP - Pacifist Style - Central Processing

  Recorded using Doom Version 1.9
  Doom -PlayDemo with Version 1.9

  Kills     63%
  (Items    56%)
  Secrets   75%  and Time  65:14  :)
                           -----

  Description:  :))))))

                This is going to be a long .txt, so put on your reading
                glasses... At first I thought this level was impossible
                pacifist style. The way into the last room was completely
                blocked, and those monster_impassable lines meant you
                couldn't lure them out... Then, while playing from
                savegames, I found a very safe and reliable way of clearing
                out that final room. Those monster_impassable lines became
                my friend :)

                About this lmp -  well, the start is very ragged: ten sec
                pause at start, missed the blue key and the blue armor (was
                very lucky to get out of this). Things got a bit better
                when I got the yellow key. From this point on (getting the
                second soulsphere) the level stops being a runthrough and
                you have to make every monster fight every other monster.
                When I cleared out the radiation room I started to think
                that this time I'd make it, and my hands got very sweaty...
                So if you're wondering why the recording's so long, it's
                because I was scared shitless :) Definitely -timedemo only.

                There were a couple of other reasons for the slow time...
                a sargeant came in when I wasn't expecting him, and I got
                surprised a number of times during the recording... still
                don't know this level well. And getting an imp for the
                final section proved difficult. A good time for this level
                would be under 40min.

                So now every level in Episode 1 has been done pacifist.
                This means a pacifist movie is possible... definitely a
                Dosdoom or MBF-only project... someone else can do this if
                they want :)

                I'm not sure I like this long
                get-every-monster-to-kill-every-other-monster style of
                pacifist recording - so much different to the usual
                run-past-them-all. You need *endurance*. It was physically
                tiring making this recording. Plus, it doesn't quite seem
                in the pacifist spirit to exit a level with >60% kills :)

                Maybe we need a new style.

                Enter: Hypocritical Pacifist (or, Antilemming)

                In Hypocritical Pacifist recordings, the aim is to kill as
                many monsters on a level as possible - *without actually
                kiling them yourself*. Like a cross between Tyson and
                Pacifist. So acceptable techniques would include:
                  * encouraging monsters to fight each other
                  * getting monsters to blow up barrels and kill themselves
                  * punching barrels that kill monsters ("How was I to know
                  it was explosive - I was just letting off steam!")
                  * luring monsters under crushers ("Honest officer, I
                  didn't know he was going to follow me there... pleez
                  officer, not the cuffs...")
                  * hitting switches that activate traps that kill monsters
                  ("Don't look at me - *I* didn't wire up this place...")
                  * intentional telefrags ("I thought he got out of the way
                  in time... don't look at me like that")

                You could have Hypocritical Grandmaster, which is just
                Hypocritical Pacifist with -respawn: no records would be
                absolute here.

                There's already a WAD based around the Hypocritical
                Pacifist idea - see Cyberdreams (and also Yonatan Donner's
                lmp collection for same)

                Certain levels lend themselves well to the style: e2m9,
                lv16, lv18 etc. Levels with crushers are interesting: is it
                possible to get 100% on e2m2, for instance?

                Anyway, I'll shut up now :) Got my COMPET-N point back, and
                I'm happy...

                P.S. Thanks to Rini for encouraging me to keep recording.

       Author:  Chris "Ryback" Ratcliff
       E-mail:  ryback@fcmail.com

