This is a DooM .LMP "Competition" Entry

P1M6-232.TXT

 P1M6-232.ZIP

  P1M6-232.LMP - Pacifist Style - Central Processing

  Recorded using Doom Version 1.9
  Doom -PlayDemo with Version 1.9

                     Time  02:32 :))))))
                           -----

  Description:  Chris "Ryback" Ratcliff (p1m66514) wrote:

>A good time for this level would be under 40min.
>I'm not sure I like this long
>get-every-monster-to-kill-every-other-monster style of
>pacifist recording - so much different to the usual
>run-past-them-all. 

Hehe, is this far enough under 2:32 for you? :). It seems strange, but even
a level as difficult for pacifist as this benefits from speed. As long as you
run through the start of the level fast and accurately you don't need the
second 100% sphere, as you don't really take any damage until the yellow key
door - i've had 200% health there on this route more than once. Even after
the yellow door you benefit very little from encouraging infighting - you need
a little to clear a path into the exit area, but apart from that, it's slow,
messy and drains your health. You can get into the exit area *very* quickly
about 60% of the time by just running straight in, but if you do that you're
presented with the problem of getting down the long, thin corridors, as the
imps are still there...so that route isn't really practical. That's why i
spend the time going from side to side in front of the door. Note that it's
a good idea to keep your back covered by the pillars :). The only area which
relies, basically, entirely on luck and reflex is the exit room itself - it's
easy just to get shot to death straight off when you run in, and once you've
hit the switch, well, you're down to luck. I got to this point 9 or 10 times
before this came off. Thanks to John Rimmer's TAS run of this (i can't
remember the time of that demo, I think it was around 2:50, or whether it's
been publically released) for the idea of going into the bottom-left (from
a top-down view) corner of the room after hitting the switch. I died once
after getting right into the spectre area, when the one spectre that stays
inside the exit-switch room itself blocked me off...so i was bloody nervous
as i opened that door and stepped back...hehe :). this is an improvement of
62:46 on the old record, surely some kind of record in itself, eh? :)

Adam Williamson
adam.williamson1@btinternet.com
