P2M5s043.TXT

 P2M5s043.ZIP

  P2M5s043.LMP - Pacifist style!

  Recorded using Ultimate Doom
  Doom -PlayDemo with Version 1.9

  DooM - Ep.2 Mi.5 - Secret Exit

  Kills    ?%
  (Items   ?%)
  Secret   ?%  and Time  00:43
                         -----

Johnathan Rimmer writes:

>  "That seems a bit slow," I said to myself and I loaded up the
>  level.  Anyway, after a few tries I was having trouble getting
>  the pack of demons out of the switch room.  This attempt was
>  just a practice at first, I was just messing about (which is why
>  I start opening the doors in the marble area) and suddenly I
>  managed to get the switch and complete the level in 0:55!

>  I guess I was pretty lucky with this one, but I haven't bothered
>  trying to optimise it.  I expect a 0:45 is possible, probably less,
>  so what are you waiting for?  Go for it! ;-)

Good demo John! Route credit goes to Johnathan here...I had actually tried
doing this before and for some reason the simple way to get to the marble
area eluded me and I was trying to get past the imp on the normal route :).
(That is possible by the way, and might possibly save a second or two, but
it's much harder than this route). There's a lot less luck in this than it
might at first appear. Once in the pinky room, this is probably the best
way to do it, and a successful fast run on this route depends on a few
things. You have to stay in a straight line opposite the pinky door as long
as possible when you first open it, ideally you want to lure two pinkies
out before having to run away. you should then run to the right, and get
the stimpak, then run straight back, opening the door on the way, and
hopefully luring out the third pinky. 3 pinkies out seems to be the ideal
balance between losing time and being able to get in and out. You then
go to the other end for about a second to drag the remaining pinkies away
from the switch, run into the room, hit the switch, get out again and hope
the lost souls go alright :). On this run, 4 pinkies came out, which made
it rather too hard to manoeuvre in the outside room, so I lost quite a bit
of time getting into the switch room...never mind. The lost souls went very
well though. I've had a demo where I hit the switch rather quicker but didn't
get back out :(, so i'd say definitely 0:40 is possible...go for it John! :)

Adam Williamson
Adam@scisoft.force9.co.uk
