This is a DooM. LMP "Competition" entry - Please forward it...

P3M3-024.TXT

 P3M3-024.ZIP

  P3M3-024.LMP - Ultra Violence PACIFIST style

  Recorded using "The Ultimate DooM"

  DooM -PlayDemo with Ultimate DooM
  OR
  DooM -PlayDemo with DooM ver. 1.9

  DooM - Ep.3 Mi.3. - Pandemonium

                     Time  00:24
                           -----

  Description :-)       SAME AS SPEED!

Fuck, this run is _nuts_. I discovered this difficult trick when I was using
the other route. I used to work out how good my blue key grab was by listening
for the sound of the lift rising and comparing it to when i hit the switch
for the raising platform. I realised that occasionally i did it so quickly it
was quite a while before I heard the lift rise, and i wondered if it might
be possible to get back to it before it rose. Well, it is - JUST. There are
three parts just of the run from the lift to the blue key and back. First,
you need a flying jump off the top - if you hit a wall on the way down, no
go. You need a fast drop down the stairs, and you need to avoid hitting any
walls on the way back. I think it's probably about as hard as the MAP19 jump
on nomonsters...not as hard as doing it with monsters though. If this was the
only problem on the level, then, it'd be okay. But it isn't. First, about
3/4 of the time you make the lift, the spectre will block your run out. I
was very lucky here, it just got out of the way completely. Then, sometimes,
a pinky will block you at the bottom of the stairs. Then you've got to get
past the pinkie behind the imp quickly, and then you've got to make the exit
room run work...you can't even eliminate this by taking the shotgun, because
it takes too long to get to it on this route. All in all, this is probably
the most insanely difficult run i've ever done, so i'm happy to have finished
it :). This run is both the pacifist and the speedrun record, it beats DDQ
by 3 seconds, and the route is all mine, dammit :). I think the optimum time
for this route would be 0:23, but you'd have to be nuts to try. This is
0:24.88. I'm fairly sure 0:25 is human-optimal for the other route, 0:24 could
probably be done with TAS, but everything would have to be _perfect_. Damn,
I have a habit of writing these huge text files don't i? :)

Adam Williamson
adam@scisoft.force9.co.uk
