=> This is a DooM .LMP Compet-N Entry <=

CM07-027.TXT

  CM07-027.ZIP

    CM07O027.LMP - Ultra-Violence from player 1's perspective
    CM07N027.LMP - Ultra-Violence from player 2's perspective

    Recorded using Doom2 Version 1.9

    doom2 -playdemo with version 1.9

    Doom2 - Level 7 - "Dead Simple"
  
              Kills   Items    Secrets
    Green     52%     28%      100%    ocelot
    Indigo    47%     14%      0%      N.C.
  
       and Time: 00:27
                 =====

Comments:

  [ ocelot: ]
  
  This was a notch harder to pull off than our previous coop lumps.
  It can still obviously be done a lot faster, but for the amount of 
  skill we had at our disposal, 27 seconds was just the right goal, 
  and rewarding to accomplish. Thanks for partnership, N.C.

  [ N.C.: ]

  We started working on this project in mid-December, but with the
  Christmas- and New Year holidays so close at hand, it took us
  until January and (I think) 4 quite lengthy sessions until we
  managed to produce some 28 second runs (the previous record was
  0:29 by Adam Hegyi and Laszlo Vecsei).

  We still saw room for improvement, though, so we decided to go 
  for a 0:27, despite the fact that Ocelot probably would have 
  extremely limited spare time, starting mid-January.

  Ammunition is obviously a problem in this map and category, and
  the mancubi as well as the arachnotrons can occasionally behave
  very unpredictably. We did have to try various different strate-
  gies, before we found one which seemed efficient enough. You'll
  notice that we altered both players' routes to a significant deg-
  ree, if you compare our effort to the Hungarians'. Today, on Feb-
  ruary the 17th, we finally managed to produce these lumps, which
  constitute a nice 2 second improvement on the old record.

  Personally, I found it difficult to, in the heat of battle, de-
  cide how many rockets to launch at each monster. It is quite rare
  that 2 rockets per mancubus suffices, in all three cases; they
  really need some high quality SSG foreplay before they're ready
  to ride your rocket(s). Killing 3 arachnotrons with only 6 rockets
  isn't entirely trivial, either. However, if you look at my run
  with a very critical eye, you _could_ say I wasted 2 rockets. A
  map07 max run in 27.80 seconds isn't bad, though, I think I dare
  to say. Please DO try this at home. :)

  Nice work, Ocelot, and thanks for suggesting we'd try this run
  in the first place. This project did turn out to be a lot of fun,
  and cutting off that final second in order to get the 0:27 proved
  to be an interesting and motivating challenge.

  We played over an emulated IPX connection courtesy of the MSN
  Gaming Zone, and our ping at the time was approximately 20 ms.

  Enjoy.

  Authors:

  Juho Ruohonen
  e-mail: ocelot_78@hotmail.com

  Kim Lundqvist
  e-mail: nc513@hotmail.com (always over quota)
  ICQ#:   72686989
  IRCnet: #nightmare

