This is a DooM .LMP "Competition" Entry - Please forward it...

E1M9-NM2.TXT

 E1M9-NM2.ZIP

  E1M9-NM2.LMP - NightMare!

  Recorded using "The Ultimate DooM"
  DooM -PlayDemo with Ultimate DooM
  OR
  DooM -PlayDemo with DooM Ver. 1.9 ?

  DooM - Ep.1 Mi.9 - "Military base"

  Kills     62%
  (Items    27)
  Secrets   50%  and Time  02:22
                           -----

  Description :-)

                          "-- And they said it couldn't be done !"

  E1M9 on Nightmare. When I first tried it, I played just for fun
  to see how far could I get. There wasn't even a thought about the
  possibility of finishing the level. After all, even if you manage
  to get to the blue door - which is surely impossible - the final
  room hasjust too much radioactive waste, too many specters and
  too little space to fight them. This is what I thought.

  But after playing a while I *was* able, on rare occasions, to get
  to the blue door - And there came the idea of the "exit-jump" !
  When I figured out this trick, and it *worked*, I knew there were
  no more obstacles. One great thing about this is that the four
  spectres inside the room are deaf. And it's easy to open the door
  and shoot all the monsters on the exit island without disturbing
  any spectres. After that, the way is clear !

  Although I practised every tight point separately, the main
  problem was the sergeants wandering randomly throughout the level
  and ending up in unexpected places.

  I do not take the rocket launcher despite the two medikits there,
  because I don't like that free bonus of fifteen monsters. The
  crucial point is the yellow door. If you do it with at least 30%
  health left, there's a good chance to make all the way further
  to the blue door. Usually, I step over the red key to release the
  monsters and then get an extra medikit. In this LMP, however, as
  I had pretty good health at that point, I decided not to disturb
  them and take the advantage of time. A good trick is shooting
  between barrels in the Blue Key Room. And when I am at the Blue
  Door, imps from the central cage create a really cool firewall,
  thus preventing others (like a demon in this LMP) from coming in.


 Anton Magleli

 magleli@lord.eecs.wsu.edu

