This is a DooM .LMP "Competition" Entry

N4M6-438.TXT

 N4M6-438.ZIP

  N4M6-438.LMP - Ultra Violence with -NightMare !!!

  Recorded using "The Ultimate DooM"
  DooM -PlayDemo with Ultimate DooM

  Episode 4 - "Thy Flesh Consumed"

  DooM - Ep.4 Mi.6 - Against Thee Wickedly

  Kills    134%
  (Items    50%)
  Secrets   66%  and Time  04:38
                           -----
  Maximum Minimum Health =  12 %
                           -----

  Description:  Oh, yeeeeees - I finanlly did it !!!
                [One minute to take breath]
                The last map of the whole doom/doom2 series to be completed
                on nightmare. Not even the nightmare pioneer Anthe did this.
                But he didn't know the trick, which makes it considerably
                easier. I grab the red key through the wall, thus getting to
                100% health and 300 plasma cells just in time for the extra
                hard end part. I saw this key trick first in a (unpublished)
                recording by Esko. BIG thanks to Esko for this!
   
      History:  (I've got so much to tell about this recording ;-)
                It all began after I completed all doom2 maps on respawn
                with 100% kills and secrets back in nov 97. I moved to
                doom1 and recorded the harder maps first. Naturally I found
                it most interesting to try u4m6 (the only uncompleted
                nightmare map) on respawn. This was already too hard to do
                (for me, maybe it's easy for you) w/o a detailed plan and lots
                of practice. So I worked on it. My strategy to get to very
                hard maps is to play them with rather high slowmotion first.
                This is no cheating, acording to DHT5 rules it is allowed
                and encouraged to use every kind of cheat (cheatcodes,
                saved games ...) while pracising - NOT RECORDING THE FINAL LMP.
                It really helps to find out what is possible and what isn't
                and to find the most promising strategy - you only have to
                be aware that you should not try stunts which are only
                possible when playing with slowmo, because you will never be
                able to play them in a real recording. To my experience you
                will be able to play everything, that comes in normal when
                playing it with slowmo in realtime too, after you have enough
                practise. So that you do no longer need to think about what
                you are doing and how to do it.
                The time stays very different though, you are always a lot
                faster in a slowmo demo. So I did r4m6 with a slowmotion value
                of some 0x4500 first (time was 5:50) and recorded my r4m6-708
                two days later, using almost the same route. This was back in
                jan 98. At this time I tried n4m6 first, but was not able
                to do it even with a slowmo of 0x7000, not even with saved
                games! But I played that map very often in the time to follow.
                First, to do the ep4 lightning (for the first time btw).
                Later I played u4m6-248, u4m6-444 and f4m6-957 for compet-n.
                Then came Esko, beating my f4m6 and r4m6 and introduced the
                key trick. I defended my r4m6 in 3:38, w/o the key trick
                (I don't think, that it helps when speeding).
                But this new route, now possible with the key trick, made me
                think about n4m6 again. I tried it occasionally since this
                time....switched to mouse control...
                ... and last week I started to try it for real. It took me
                one day to figure out the route with slowmo 0x4500.
                Only one hour later I did it on 0x4000. The next day on 0x3500.
                The start with the maze is really annoying, though I like
                that map very much. Therefore I practised the later parts
                using saved games. I like the whole end part after entering
                the big platform on which I grab the red key. Did it on 0x3000
                the next day. It is a good motivation to play it on
                successively smaller slowmotion, so you always have the
                experience of success and in addition you are getting used
                to playing the end sequence, so that you won't spoil the
                REAL recording because of too much excitement. Now that I've
                finished that map I must admit that there is a big
                disadvantage with that technique: after completing it over
                and over again (this is my eigth recording in which I reach
                the exit, though the only one w/o slowmotion) you don't feel
                the strong relieve as usual when it is done, 'cause it feels
                like: "well, nothing special, I did it many times before".
                Next day a try on 0x2500, where I died,
                because cybie shooted me always off the end platform until
                my invulnerability vanished. Next day successful on 0x2500.
                It's getting easier and easier, the route each time a bit
                more optimized. But then came the big drawback. Instead of
                playing it w/o slowmo the next day I had the feeling, that
                I can not Doom at all. I died at every possible location.
                After all that dooming I was really tired - and I still am.
                Two days w/o success. But this night finally ... I did it!
                ... and it looks so ******** easy! I hope you believe me
                nevertheless, that this has been the most difficult
                recording I've ever made. Even harder than p1m32411.

      Comments: For those who are still reading I explain my strategy and
                give some comments on the recording.
                I used to play the maze more safely than in this recording,
                but after a several hundred tries I was tired of putting
                too much emphasis on the beginning. On the big arena it is
                helpful when the caco from the tunnel comes up, in this
                recording this happened a bit too early, so I had no time to
                kill the lost soul. It is a good idea to shoot the caco on
                the tower, so that you can kill it faster when going for the
                blue key. In that recording the caco gets killed by monsters,
                which is not wanted - it may respawn just at the wrong time.
                This time I hit the switch behind the baron w/o awakening him,
                though I had enough health to afford this mistake.
                The jump to the teleporter worked well, I had to practise it
                ALOT. If you don't get the jump in the first try, your
                chance to leave the tower with the blue key with a
                reasonable amount of health decreases to some 50%. This
                time the caco was dead and not blocking the way to the blue
                key, I guess I was lucky here as it did not respawn. Then
                down to the slime and acting very carefully, always got the
                wall as shieling in the back. You should have at least 40%
                health here. Then a little intermezzo with the lost soul,
                I was very lucky here. Up to the yellow key, if the baron
                stands in the way you are dead. Head for the middle column
                to get the yellow key for sure. I was unlucky while leaving
                from the yellow key, the baron hit me - down to 63%. Well,
                this should rather be 100%.
                Then the level gets fun. Up to the big platform, I use the
                route on the left wall here and found rather few monsters
                there. Nevertheless they managed to bring me down to 12%.
                At least I got the red key in the first try. You have time
                for two tries, then the cacos come up and you have to fight
                them first. This is perfectely alright, as long as you stay
                calm, you can still take the key after killing the cacos.
                Well I prefer to get the key in the first try, especially
                when at only 12% health ;-)
                Then the teleport, and killing the cacos with the plasma.
                A mouse really helps to do this kind of circlestrafing at
                large radii. Up on the platform again, it is very important
                to kill the cacos behind the bars. Then to the berzerk and
                cells. I do not try to get the BFG, because if you enter the
                teleporter by mistake you have no chance to survive.
                I tested it several times, that the invulnerability lasts long
                enough to kill cybie with the plasma (do not try it with the
                rocketlauncher!). Then killing the cacos behind the bars again
                and everything is well prepared for the teleport. I take the
                rocketlauncher to kill the baron quickly and to safe plasma.
                BFG experts may prefer the BFG, but I got killed too often in
                the time the BFG needs to reload. And in addition I usually
                don't have the BFG. Health is superb at this stage. Anyway
                you got to have some luck with cybie's rockets, he can easily
                shoot you after the teleport, no matter how good your health
                is. Then comes the invulnerability. Unfortunately I loose some
                time on the way to cybies platform, so it got dramatic in the
                end. My pulse still goes to 200 bpm when I watch this scene ;-)
                ...
                Why did I write so much? Hey, this is U4M6 on NIGHTMARE!

           PS:  Adam what about compet-n points for first nightmare
                recordings?
      
          PPS:  I really wonder how difficult the top-players will find
                it to play that map on nightmare too. On the other hand,
                I can also imagine that for a long time there will be noone
                patient enough to do it again.

         PPPS:  I can mail you the cheated tries too if you like to watch
                them.

      Credits:  - Esko Koskimaa for showing me the key trick
                - Istvan Pataki for making dtime
                - John Keniry for moral support
                - The doom engine for letting me reach the exit

   Last words:  "Ich habe fertig!"

       Author:  Steffen "Rini" Udluft

       E-mail:  rini@mppmu.mpg.de

