This is a Compet-N Entry
------------------------------------------------------
Filename : EF09-716.LMP
Date     : 2018-6-12
Game     : TNT: Evilution
Client   : DOOM2.EXE V1.9f
Category : Fast
Map      : MAP09: Stronghold
Skill    : 4 (Ultra-Violence)

Player   : Erick "GuyNamedErick" Tenorio
Country  : United States
Email    : guynamederick@gmail.com

Kills    : 100%
Items    : 68%
Secrets  : 100%
Time     : 7:16

Description: After completing MAP02 of the IWAD on Nightmare, I thought I could try the other maps that are known to
be difficult, MAP08 and MAP09 coming to mind. But on second thought, I'm not exactly what I would call a good player
so instead I didn't attempted either map on Nightmare. However taking a look at some of the categories for the IWAD,
I noticed how UV-Fast and UV-Respawn aren't exactly done by many, and in my opinion I believe this leaves an
opportunity to improve on those categories given how it's been 10 or so years since some categories for some maps
were even attempted (Though that can be said for a lot of modern PWADs too).

This map is pretty linear as it can, so finding secrets and hunting down all the monsters in the map wasn't exactly
hard. Instead of returning back to the start of the map to finish off the Zombiemen, I decided to take down out
first, as much as there is a risk to losing some health, I got pretty lucky in this run where my health remains
relatively high for the most part, even with the ambush of enemies after picking up the Red Keycard. Of course, that
was only my luck in this particular run, since dying in this map with the -fast parameter is too easy, and with the
abundance of hitscanners, you can't exactly rush things out, you would have to take your time just so you don't get
surprised by a quick death from fellow Shotgunners to aggressive Chaingunners. Imps can also be a problem, with
their fast fireballs being an annoyance. At the hallways with the silver doors and the triangle on a wall, in some
attempts I didn't alert all the Chaingunners, so I had to check to see if I didn't miss any of them. I decided to
grab the Rocket Launcher to help clear out the last batch of enemies at the end, though it could have been done 
better.

With some luck and some better performance, it could be possible to get a 6:xx time, of course some patience and
good reaction time might be needed. :)