This is a DooM .LMP "Competition" Entry - Please forward it...

 EF211638.LMP

 Final DOOM - TNT: Evilution - MAP21 - Administration Center
 Ultra Violence with fast monsters!

  Recorded using the Final DOOM DOOM2.EXE v1.9
  but plays back fine with the DOOM][ executable as well

  Kills      100%
  Items       72%
  Secrets    100%
  ---------------
  Time      16:38
 
  Another by-product of my TNT UV Max movie project, and this one is
  a by-by-product, actually. =) After getting to MAP23, I suddenly 
  realized that I don't know the later levels all that well, so it 
  seemed like a good idea to secure a max run of the third episode
  first. As every death brings you back to this level, I got quite a
  play out of it.
  When I got bored dying at the end of Mount Pain, I started to look
  for an excuse to do something else. Sometimes boredom is a good 
  thing (without it there would have been no NM demo of !PIPE!.WAD),
  and here I had a good excuse: the only -fast demo on this map dates
  back to the Final DOOM GM demopack. The reason the record has stood
  for almost 11 years is probably explained by the map's reputation
  as one of TNT's biggest and ugliest, on par with the above-mentioned
  Mount Pain (MAP27). Well, having run through it several dozen times,
  I can second Xit Vono's opinion that this reputation is largely 
  undeserved and the map is eminently playable, though it is more fun
  on -fast than plain UV.

  Kai-Uwe Humpert provided some insightful notes with the original
  TNT21-GM.LMP (BTW, what happened to that good old-school tradition
  of extensive descriptions detailing routes and recording sessions?
  I really love reading those, even for maps I don't much care for. 
  In fact, a good TXT can make you take another look at something
  that everybody says sucks, and see it in another light.) So yeah,
  Kai's notes are interesting, and it is clear that he didn't like
  the map at all ("Style: 2 - Just don't play it."). IMO, however,
  that is in large part because of *the way he played* it, not 
  because the map is so bad. Not that I want to diminish Kai's 
  achievement - after all he bravely took up all the maps noone else
  on the team wanted to record, including that little gem with the 
  pretty mountain at the end) - but in demo recording the approach
  is as important as the map itself. If you don't enjoy the recording,
  if you only cower around the corners, cursing the map between taking
  potshots, just wishing the whole damn thing was over already, you 
  can't really expect the viewer to be thrilled either. So I set 
  myself a goal of making a going-all-out-with-guns-blazing demo, even
  if I   had to die a hundred times in the process. To paraphrase 
  the immortal words of Private Hicks from Aliens, I wanted a stand-up
  fight, not another bug hunt. :P

 *** SPOILERS AHEAD - better watch the demo first! =) ***



















  The very first thing I decided to do different is the beginning. 
  There is no urgent need to go all around the the map killing the
  Chaingunners and Imps in the alcoves. That looks (and plays) awful
  tedious, and they don't really bother anybody. The ones in the 
  immediate vicinity can be dealt with quickly enough, saving you
  the precious ammo that is scarce at the start for more important 
  things, like securing the Red Key and getting on with the route.
  The map is rather linear early on, and any route you pick later, 
  you will have to pass by those alcoves anyway.
  There are few shortcuts, but I did manage to dig up something I'd 
  never seen done on this map - I won't spoil it for you, but it's in 
  the Rocket Launcher chamber :). As usual with TNT levels, there is 
  much running around to be done, but that can be kept to the minimum
  with an efficient route. The one I finally settled on is largely my
  own; a player with a better skill might not need the one or two
  side trips to replenish health that I had to take, though.
  The BFG room must be the critical juncture. If you don't dispatch 
  the PE quickly, it is easy to get entangled in the sea of Lost Souls
  and the mad crossfire of Imps' fireballs and Skeletons' rockets. 
  I hope that this demo proves that "Hide" is not the only solution to
  this challenge, however. =) In fact, it's possible to do it without
  the Megasphere, saving it for the exit area. I had mixed results with
  that, though, and in the end decided that the Cyber at the end was
  not half as bad as the BFG room. In fact, I could have cut the demo
  by a minute or so, but I just couldn't resist the temptation of 
  baiting the Cybie with the Imps' volleys and finishing him off with
  just two BFG shots right up the ass - and you don't even need the 
  Invul for that, heheh.
  
  Damn, I hope I didn't spoil all the fun; you did watch the demo first,
  didn't you? ;)

  Never_Again
  tpoppins@juno.com

  P.S. I dedicate this demo to the memory of Bobby Fischer, the 
  uncompromising fighter on and off the chessboard who passed away
  yesterday. R.I.P., Crazy Diamond in Caissa's tiara.