This is a DooM .LMP "COMPET-N/doom" Entry - Please forward it...

E3M9-229.TXT

 E3M9-229.ZIP

  E3M9-229.LMP - Ultra Violence

  Recorded using Ultimate Doom v1.9
  Doom -playdemo with Ultimate Doom

  Episode 3 - Inferno

  Mission 9 - Warrens

  Kills    100%
  Items     66%		   ********	
  Secrets  100%  and Time  * 2:25 *
                           ********


Description:	Some weeks ago I thought that I could have a look what
	had happend to Doom and especially to COMPET-N.	Google revealed
	BahdKo's nice WWW page. I was a bit curious about e2m9 and e4m2,
	which were the maps I played last, now more than 4 years ago.
	I lost both maps (the time in e4m2 was improved by almost one
	third!), but I've got still some points, mostly for some funny
	cooperative demos (anyone interested? :) I also had a look at
	the Golden Cybie pages, and the "famous tricks".

	I got the demos the next day. But there was no Doom directory
	anymore on my hard disk. Linux swallowed the FAT16 partition I
	had installed the games on. But I still got an archive containing
	all the files.

	After I had reinstalled Doom and retrieved all the max and speed
	demos from the excellent database (with history, even the oldest
	and funniest demos are there :) I watched them the next evening.

	At last, I felt like playing some Doom myself. As I've seen that
	I still got the max record at E3M1, I remembered E3M9 to be a
	nice map (which was also mine some years ago :). So I started
	playing it. After some unsuccessful demos (don't ask how I died :)
	the first time I reached the exit I got about 3:40. Not that many
	tries later, I got less than three minutes, but I couldn't really
	get close to my old record (2:37) nor the one listed in the
	database (2:31). But I still enjoyed the game.

	It was pretty hard to get close to my old record. The first day, my
	best time was about 2:45. The next day I tried to get the BFG first
	to kill the Cybie with two (maybe three ...) BFG shots. A much safer
	way to play that map, but not a faster one. Then I got a 2:35, my
	best time so far beating my old time by two seconds. The next day
	I got a 2:32, the day after a 2:31 with the last tick at 2:31:02.

	After some days without a game, I got a 2:29, which I sent to Adam,
	and I was quite happy about the new record. But he mailed back, that
	Radek already recorded a 2:26. This time seemed much harder to
	improve, but the demo looked as if it could be possible.

	Now, after some more days of Dooming, I got this 2:25. It can still
	be improved (maybe to a 2:22), but at least not that easy.

	You need quite some luck (besides the usual skill :) at this map.
	Very often, the pigs require more than an average of two shotgun
	shots. The most important place for a good time is, how many rockets
	it takes to kill the Cyberdemon. See Radek's demo for a very good
	run, he wastes two rockets grabbing the launcher at full ammo, and
	still leaves with more than 40 rockets left. Sometimes, even when
	every rocket hits, you've got only 30-35 rockets left for your way
	back.

	The other place where things can go wrong is after taking the plasma
	gun. More than half the runs you are looking for one of the hidden
	Cacodemons.

	Hope you enjoy my first run after four years (and my last at the
	age of 29). By the way, it's recorded on my good old Pentium 133 :)

Author: Kai-Uwe Humpert

E-mail: gazelle@cs.tu-berlin.de

WWW:	http://user.cs.tu-berlin.de/~gazelle