This is a DooM .LMP "COMPET-N/doom/" Entry - Please forward it...

U4M2-304.TXT

 U4M2-304.ZIP

  U4M2-304.LMP - Ultra Violence

  Recorded using "The Ultimate DooM"
  DooM -PlayDemo with Ultimate DooM

  Episode 4 - "Thy Flesh Consumed"

  Map 2 - Perfect Hatred

  Kills    100%
  (Items    54)
  Secrets  100%  and Time  03:04
                           -----


Comments: Ok, that's it. After doing this map in NightMare (watched Anthe's
          and recorded it the same way, 15 seconds slower - thanks to you
          Anthe for trying that level in NightMare!) I remembered my training
          for that difficult jump. I hit the stair at least 75% of my tries.
          There was an open challenge from Wade who made a fantastic 3:26. As
          I recorded one month ago, I only had times around 4 minutes. Think I
          know now how to get rid of the Barons, Spectres and Cacos in the
          blue key area (without changing weapons :- SG for spectres, BFG for
          the other). Simply BFG to the next cell box. Don't leave a spectre,
          I heard one and had the right weapon ready ( <40 cells ;-).
          Dunno why that Baron took so many cells - finished him with SG.
          Nice, isn't it? This .lmp is quite close to 3:00. Think one of the
          heroes (wade?) should try for further improvement. Didn't take that
          supercharge, think it is worth 8 seconds and I really don't need it.
          I think I can say I like the level now - it is one of the best there
          is. Nice level 29 style: much ammo, a neat trick, strong monsters
          without any chance to get rid of you :) and playable in NightMare.
          The only lack is deathmatch :-).
          BTW congratulations to Anthe, Peo and Yonatan and (what was the name
          of that "DooM-GrandPa" ?) for completing F-DooM some days ago. Some
          hours of fine .lmps I guess.
          Sorry for wade, who lost another point. Keep up the DooMing! Your
          times are great.
          I think I should stop here, or Simon will delete a third of this
          description :)

Author:   Kai-Uwe Humpert

E-mail:   gazelle@cs.tu-berlin.de
          humpert@zib.de

WWW:      http://wwwwbs.cs.tu-berlin.de/~gazelle (~gazelle/doom.html)

