This is a DooM .LMP "Competition" Entry - Please forward it...

MM11P036.TXT

 MM11P036.ZIP

  MM11P036.LMP - UV Pacifist

  Recorded using Doom2 Version 1.9
  Doom2 -File MM.WAD -PlayDemo with Version 1.9

  Memento Mori - Level 11 - Halls Of Insanity

  Kills        7%
  Items        0%            
  Secrets      0%  and Time: 0:36 
                             ==== 

  Description :-)

  19th COMPET-N entry.

  A rather difficult pacifist run, so I'm not surprised this 
  is the first entry. There are lots of tricky situations 
  where you can easily die or get blocked, and you have no 
  armour at all. On this route you only get (at most) 30% 
  extra health, too. At first I used a completely different 
  way of getting through the group of spectres by the blue 
  key than the one used in the UV speed entries. I'm including 
  my fastest run with that route as well. 

  After many initial tries, I thought charging through the 
  barrels was impossible to survive, so I gave up that idea, 
  and didn't come back to it after I had a decent time with  
  the alternate route. Then I found that it was possible, but 
  very tough, as several spectres rush towards you, blocking 
  your way, and many trigger happy monsters are eager to shoot 
  at you and the barrels surrounding you. By quickly running 
  straight through the barrels, and then making a sharp turn 
  to the right as you touch the first spectre, you can squeeze 
  by it. If you get stuck on the barrels -- even slightly -- or 
  if you're otherwise just a little slow in getting to that 
  first spectre, it will have run out too far for you to get 
  past it. Just press "Q". :-/

  Of course, you can also get shot to death by the shotgunners 
  after the blue key door, or killed/blocked by the group of 
  monsters at the teleport (sometimes these monsters would 
  still be inactive as I got there, which, of course, is 
  preferrable, but I have no idea why. Sorry, I should have 
  checked this). In this run, they were all gathered in 
  front of the teleport and I thought the attempt was over, but 
  for some reason they all moved aside like true gentlemen! ;-)

  If you're really unlucky you can get hit by a lot of imps at 
  the yellow key and die that way. It happened a couple of times, 
  once or twice even when I had plenty of health there. Ugh.
  On the way back from taking the yellow key, I often got shot 
  to pieces by an Arachnotron while going down those stairs, or 
  blocked by the Baron, or both. :-(

  And to top it all off, the ending room is ridiculously random 
  and difficult to survive. I had at least one attempt where I 
  got to the end with 100% health and died, and on two occasions 
  I survived it going in with only 34% health. Unbelievably 
  frustrating, since it's more or less out of your control. You 
  have to get the spectre to come out of the exit corridor, and 
  while waiting you can get easily get cornered and killed. 
  Sometimes that spectre wouldn't see me -- hanging around too 
  long in front of the exit door usually resulted in being 
  quickly torn to pieces by the Knights -- meaning I had to fire 
  a "wake-up" shot, seen in this run.

  I must say I'm satisifed with 0:36, considering how hard this 
  is to survive. The ending pretty much sucks, though, and the 
  exit time isn't too far from 0:35.97. I'm sure I could even do 
  0:34 with enough luck, but it's just too frustrating to keep 
  trying. Sorry.
  
  Other notes -> If you want to look at the "original" version of 
  this map, find the file dm2gm2.zip in the /idgames archive... 
  In some ways, Eric Reuter's original map is better without the 
  modifications Denis made to it.


  Kristian Ronge
  zuckuss@gmail.com
