This is a DooM .LMP "Competition" Entry - Please forward it...

MM16p215.TXT

 MM16p215.ZIP

  MM16p215.LMP - UV Pacifist

  Recorded using Doom2 Version 1.9
  Doom2 -File MM.WAD -PlayDemo with Version 1.9

  Memento Mori - Level 16 - Stoned

  Kills        9%
  Items       10%            
  Secrets      9%  and Time: 2:15 
                             ==== 

  Description :-)

  16th COMPET-N entry.

  There's nothing especially hard about this run. The problem 
  lies in getting it all to work in one single try. There are 
  many potential problem areas, where the speedrun route would 
  be trivial, namely:

  * The chaingunner after the first lift. It often blocks your 
    way.
  * The spectre corridor. The spectres sometimes trap you.
  * The shotgunner room. The biggest problem on this no-armour 
    route. You can easily die with >100% health.
  * The imp room. Four imps in tight quarters to get past. I 
    found that the imps can be lured out of this room, and up 
    the stairs. This run would become much, much harder 
    without this "trick".
  * The Pain Elemental at the yellow bars. It can block your 
    way several times as you pass that area.
  * The shotgunner ledge in the blue key room. It is possible 
    to "glide" past the shotgunners, but it takes time to do 
    so, and you are bound to lose a lot of health. You just 
    have to hope a Mancubus or a Baron kills the shotgunners 
    quickly.
  * The demon on top of the last stairs (after the red key 
    door). There's little room to run around it.

  All of these situations aren't a problem in the speedrun, as 
  you can just shoot your way through, if it should come to 
  that, but in the pacifist run, you can only hope to get 
  through in one piece. There's also the (slight) risk of 
  telefragging when returning from the yellow key area, and 
  when returning to the shotgunner room. This rarely happened 
  during my attempts, though, so I don't consider that a big 
  problem.

  Anyway, I'm pleased about most things in the run. Getting 
  stuck in some places, e.g. at the PE, balances out the luck 
  I had with other things (the shotgunners on the ledge got 
  taken out by a Mancubus, I got the trick jump on my first 
  attempt, etc.). One thing annoys me, though: picking up the 
  soulsphere, which cost me ~5 secs. Taking the soulsphere was 
  part of my initial route, and at this time I never even 
  thought about the chances of making it through the shotgunner 
  room without it (note in this run I needn't have taken it!). 
  I tried to get a lower time without the soulsphere, but after 
  a lot of attempts, I've given up on it for now.

  You can probably tell I got very nervous towards the end, 
  when I saw the imps moving out of the imp room like real 
  gentlemen. ;-) I often had to stand and wait a bit for them 
  to come out, but when I saw them already going up the stairs, 
  I was surprised and knew this could be a good run. Because of 
  this nervousness, the ending looks sloppy and panicky. Sorry, 
  but I just lost all control, almost even forgetting about the 
  trick jump. 2:15 still isn't a bad time at all, even though 
  it's possible to get below 2:00 with a "perfect" run.

  Credits to Adolf Vojta for most of the route, and to Dan 
  Crowley for the trick jump.

  Kristian Ronge
  zuckuss@gmail.com
