This is a DooM .LMP "COMPET-N/doom2/speed" Entry - Please forward it...

LV16-036.TXT

 LV16-036.ZIP

  LV16-036.LMP - Ultra Violence

  Recorded using Doom2 Version 1.9
  Doom2 -PlayDemo with Version 1.9

  Doom2 - Level 16 - Suburbs

  Kills      6%
  Items      0%  !!!                (Yes, without anything)
  Secrets    0%  and Time  00:36
                           -----


"Description: Improved my own old record. Or did anybody make a 0:41     "
"(LV16-040)   Meanwhile? It's not quite perfect -> 2 shots at the exit..."

Description: OKay, boys and girls, that's my last .LMP for this level.

        I got an email from "Anthe", that his brother made a 0:40 too.
        And from Simon (D1I Big ;-) that even these two were just not
        good enough. Somebody had made it in 0:39. So I tried and tried
        and four hours later I got this.

        You have to have some luck at the beginning with the shotgun.
        I shot the pistol to awaken the Imps on the spiral way, perhaps
        some of them leave the stairs meanwhile. So you need only one
        shot to run up there. (Or if you are a SKILLED player, you can
        sometimes make your way round on the outside. But because the
        radius decreases, you fall down more than reach the top. There
        I had some curious scenes: I shot at the 3 Imps; and they were
        dead or all 3 alive; or one of the 3 was already on the stairs
        blocking your way. I like rockets at this point - much easier.
        Then you can decide whether you take the invulnerable (you lose
        about 2 secounds, or more) or with more than 60% leave it where
        it is. Use the "northwall" (whatever you call it) to get some
        speed. Next thing are the demons. Sometimes a demon happend to
        open that door (?). Believe me, it happend. But only a few times
        (likelyhood 1 of 50 = 2%). Saves one second. Sometimes I missed
        the blue door running too far. Better if you have to kill only
        one spectre and no spectre should block your way when you want
        to jump down. If you are invulnerable the Archvile sometimes
        helps by accelerating, but he doesn't help you over the stair.
        Most of the time you get there faster than he could raise you.

        And so this was difficult. Try this level first with iddqd plus
        id(k)fa. In he older .LMP's, where you were invulnerable and/or
        supercharged, it was not so difficult. The Revenants punched at
        you but with a lot of health it didn't bother you. But this way
        you haven't got anything. First of all I tried to kill the left
        Ravenant, hoping the Imps would take care of the other. But even
        then it is easy to cross the other Imps, if they are awaken, and
        they are if you had lowered the second elevator and shot after
        that. You can not imagine how fast you lose your health even by
        some Imps. So, I think this way it is easier to survive. But you
        have to train hard to lower the elevator, step back, run forward
        and then making it to the other side. But as you can see, it is
        possible.

        I'm happy now. And anybody that wants to beat that record will
        soon get bored... except if he manages to get the red key from
        below. I tried it, but I think the key is too far away.

Admin notes ?

Author:      Kai-Uwe Humpert

E-mail:      gazelle@cs.tu-berlin.de
             humpert@zib-berlin.de


[  Admin. Notes ;-)  Yes, just one. Now, you guys know that I'm happy
   to correct your "poor English" so that your "Descriptions" look OK
   but this one took me ages... Just something to think about, though
   this is nothing compared some OTHER - just like to make that quite
   clear - OTHER people that do not seem to even care about their own
   language... " are,you,reading,this,( Shot-Gun ) "

   OK pet peeve over... it's the .LMP's that are the main issue ! :-)

S.;-) aka. The "Judge". ]

