This is a DooM .LMP "Competition" Entry - Please forward it...

LV16-023.TXT
   
 LV16-023.ZIP

  LV16-023.LMP - Ultra Violence

  Recorded using Doom2 Version 1.9 !
  Doom2 -PlayDemo with Version 1.9 - Only

  Doom2 - Level 16 - "Suburbs"

  Kills      2%               
  (Items     0%)                    !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
  Secrets    0%  and Time: 00:23!   !! NEW TRICK ALERT !!
                           ------   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
                             

Description: Ohhhhhhhhhh YES!

Yes thats right, 23 seconds, due to my brand new and pretty
damn cool trick.  This is the trick's history:

I had downloaded ZDoom V1.18 and was messing around with it.
I started playing throught the levels on Godmode looking at
potential shortcuts you could take using Zdoom's features
(jumping and standing on monster's heads).  Anyhow I reached
level 16 and when I reached the exit, wondered if it was
possible to squeeze through the final bars.  I tried for a
a couple of minutes without sucess and seemed it wasn't going
to work.  Then without warning it did!  I glided between
the bars and completed the level.
I immediately loaded up normal Doom 2 and started trying to
repeat it, and managed to do it after about three minutes
trying.  After that it took four hours of refinement and practice
to get 23 seconds.   The trick is difficult at first,
but if you get the right tactics it becomes easy enough in
-nomonsters.  In UV, the trick is much harder due to the number
of imps around.   In this demo my execution of the trick isn't
very fast and I've no idea why I start shooting.  In my practice
sessions I managed to get through the gap almost instantly a
couple of times.

Anyway, 0:23 isn't even close to the optimum, My fastest -nomonsters
was 0:17 and that wasn't perfect.  If you skipped the ssg
and did the trick instantly, you might be able to get 0:15.
So basically I've left plenty of room for you people to
improve upon this and I expect to see some results damnit! :)

Jonathan Rimmer
jon@rimmer.demon.co.uk
