lv29-138.TXT

 lv29-138.ZIP

  lv29-138.LMP - Ultra Violence Speed

  Recorded using Doom2.exe v1.9

  DooM ][ - Level 29 : The Living End

  Kills    38%
  (Items   80%)            ------
  Secret   100%  and Time  |1:38|
                           ------
Description:
 
First, I have to thank Vincent (Peroxyd) for all the help. Really. Thank Vincent.

Then, JC for beating my old 2:16 on CFD-N. As this is my favorite map, I tried
again and got 1:59. Then 1:48, with a lot of mistakes. So i thought under 1:43
would be possible for me. After some hours, finally I got it :)
This isn't optimal, I think 1:35 would be nice on this map. I wonder why no one
dit that before me... Such a great map...
Anyway, I hope you will like it!

Here is an overview of the whole map
-Start : I don't know if taking the shotgun would be faster. I didn't tried with.
 But this brings a problem, as you will be forced to take it after... And not in
 the best conditions.
-Revenant + imps : I couldn't get through it like Jango's demo. This could be a
 possible improvement. After the switch, you don't have to have a perfect playing, 
 as you will have to wait for the bridge anyway (if you are fast enough).
-Blue room : this is where I screwed... Erm, where cacos+fat guy screwed most of
 my attempts. I don't have a precise strategy here, though in this demo I was
 quite lucky. They let me go without trouble. However, I lost about a second at
 the switch, because I went over the mancubus.
-Arch-Vile room : here, a jump like map06 would be possible, but too hard and
 not enough time-saving to be worth the trouble. This time, archie was kind with
 me :)
-Baron room : once, a caco was there, and it had already opened the door. Once.
-Last but one room : I lost about a second here, aiming to make the bitchiest jump
 of this game. The very last hard thing you have to do here. I've screwed too much
 nice demos because of it.
-Final stairs : just run, and hope that cacos and PE won't bother you...

Laurent "Squonk" Sebellin
<squonk@free.fr>