Runner: Zero-Master
Date: 2016-01-19
IWAD: DOOM2.wad
Category: NM-Speed
Map: Movie 1-30
Source Port: Competition Doom v2.0.3.2
Time: 24:36 (24:51.06)

		
Map	Time	
01	00:06	:)
02	00:53	:)
03	00:40	:(
04	00:37	:))
05	00:39	:)))
06	01:01	:)))
07	00:26	:)
08	00:26	:))
09	01:09	:)
10	00:48	:(
11	00:45	:)
12	00:54	:)
13	01:16	:)
14	00:26	:)
15	00:39	:))
31	00:35	:)
16	00:27	:(
17	01:56	:))
18	00:28	:)
19	00:53	:(
20	00:40	:)
21	00:27	:)
22	00:45	:|
23	00:56	:)
24	00:48	:)
25	01:02	:|
26	00:57	:(
27	00:30	:))
28	00:51	:)))
29	02:00	:|
30	00:36	:)))


Description:
Unbelievable run, not a single major mistake is something that I would never have expected.
Of course there are smaller mistakes and time losses all over the place, but with all the 
chaos and randomness that nightmare brings it's impossible to get a flawless run.

It's been about 3-4 years since I started a short attempt at doing some doom 2 on nightmare.
I remember I was playing some FPS game, I can't remember which one, all I know is that
it was an easy game, so I wanted to try an fps game purely for the challenge.
Needless to say when you have never even played doom with a mouse you give up on underhalls.
So I wondered if anyone had ever done doom 2 on nightmare. That's when I came across
a youtube video uploaded by Ryback, Nightmare Run in 29:39 (30nm2939) by Henning.

I didn't pick up doom before 1-2 years later, you can read more about that in 
my first demo, 30pl2523.txt. With all the new tricks and methods for doing
them consistently it was very much a possibility to improve the run, and
after doing 30uv2032 and 30pn4357 I was well prepared to improve 30nm.

First exit was 30nm2925, 14 second improvement, which is terrible compared 
to 30nm2939 considering how much time you save on route improvements. 
30nm2939 stood for 6 years before it was beaten, then there was a new record
by a different player, elimzke, in less than 24 hours! 

A few weeks later the time was improved to 27:21, which is still not where 
I wanted it to be. I didn't want to replace 30nm2939 by a run that was easier
to do due to some tricks with a half decent time. I figured getting under 27 wouldn't 
be too hard, assuming you survive through the game a couple of times :) yet a really good
run would have to go under 26 minutes. That was before I did 30uv1959 and figured
there is always a second or two to be saved if you just keep looking,
and eventually I got to the point where under 25 minutes seemed to be resonable
after including some of the 30uv route and a new trick on map 23!

24:36 is several seconds under my goal, a time I'm very happy with, I wonder how 
long this record will stand, because even I would feel scared trying to improve 
this any further. Of course, it's always possible to go further in doom, no movie
run will ever be truly optimized, so to whoever is crazy enough to try, I wish you the
best of luck :)

Big thanks to Henning for all his work in 30nm! and all other nightmare runners :)


Map 01: Straightforward map, on nightmare you don't get blocked too often.
Sometimes you take a bit too much damage, there is 50 health by the exit,
but sometimes the imp manages to scratch you for 21\24 damage before you 
press the button. Starting underhalls with less than 80% is usually a waste.

I don't think I have ever had 5 seconds on nightmare, but I never try
to go for that.


Map 02: Underhalls is one of the hardest maps, main reason is the lack
of weapons and armor and great deal of hitscanners. I no longer grab the 
SSG on nightmare, as it probably costs more time than it saves, and it doesn't
make map 03\04 much easier, except the exit demon. I now also do the glide,
it's not as difficult as I would have thought, since respawn doesn't start
before after a few seconds you often have enough time to get through if you
have practiced guideless glides a lot before :)

I then obviously have to take things a lot slower than if I followed the
other route, I clear out the barrels from above before I jump down. 
Even though the last area is a bit slow I end up getting a lot better times
than if I did it the old way.

I have the IL record here at 43 seconds, but taking things a bit slower
for 30nm I think my fastest time was either 46 or 47 seconds.

Map 03: I hope to kill the chaingunner with a shotgun before going down 
to the secret area, so I don't have to pick it up after I go through teleporter. 
I used to do the window skip like in 30uv, but it doesn't have much of an 
advantage in 30nm, I would say they both give the same expected time,
just this way is a bit more consistent.

Sometimes you don't get to run straight past the demon at the exit,
more often than not though it's not a problem. Best time is a 34 here,
so 40 seconds is a bit slow.


Map 04: My route for this map is very solid, it's both fast and safe to do.

My best time is 34 seconds, though that requires you to run past the demon
at the exit, which is rare. 37 seconds is a good time.


Map 05: Very hard map, usually you take a lot of damage here, this time I 
had plenty of health all the way to the end which allowed me to do things
a bit faster than what I normally do. 

39 seconds is an amazing time for me, 38 seconds is my best. 


Map 06: Yet another amazing time, 1:01 when grabbing the secret is really good.
If I have low health here I will usually kill the shotgunner in the corner to
the left at the start. But if I do that then there is a chance some other shotgunner
managed to place themselves at a bad spot and shoot me as I go for the elevator 
jump, which gives me enough momentum to throw me off. 

You never know how much damage you take from the spider mastermind, usually 
you'll have enough health, but then comes the revenant who is always waiting
for you at the top of the elevator as well. Sometimes you can lose a lot of health
before you reach the second elevator.

I managed to get both a keygrab and make the exit jump first try! Even though
the jump isn't very difficult, I have failed it very often. 


Map 07: 2 rockets on every mancubus, they usually always die in either 3 or 4 rockets.
So I kill the one on the megasphere and hid behind the wall before I grab it.
I usually leave 2 mancubi on the platforms, but I killed the 3rd one because
I accidently hit him with a rocket already, and he has the chance to hit me sometimes
so why not. 

I hit strafe left before SR50, but I didn't fire the rocket so I only lost a second or so on it.


Map 08: Managed to grab the key through the wall, I got through the cyber\barons
very nicely. I probably could have skipped those last 10 rocketsand saved a second. 


Map 09: I pretty much just spam rockets and plasma throughout this entire map.
Sometimes it's nice to have mega armor left over for the next map.


Map 10: Very dangerous map, grabbing the BFG is always very risky. 
There are revenant rockets flying around and if you get badly blocked
by the demons then there is a good chance they kill you. Not to mention a
well positioned arachnotron. 

Fortunately I had enough health to skip the 25 health this time, 
but then I got blocked by the cyberdemon at the exit. So I lost 
a bit of time to that, not to happy about it, but episode 1 has 
been very good, 6:45 is only 7 seconds slower than my best time.


Map 11: If you are feeling lucky here you can sometimes skip the soulsphere, 
but that is a bit too crazy, then again you never really have the health
leftover from map 10 anyways. 


Map 12: Cacodemon room, it's really something on nightmare. You should
always remember exactly what to do here, I did a few attempts where I just
died over and over because I didn't do exactly as I planned. Even then it 
doesn't always work out, a lot of luck involved usually, all about those 
fireball damage rolls, as you can take 5,10...40 damage.

I lost a few seconds when I got hit by a fireball so I had to wait for the elevator,
would have been an amazing time if that didn't happen.

The start of the map is straightforward, though I have died trying to get
past the shotgunners after green armor.


Map 13: Hard to die on this map because of invurnabilities, but it has happened. 
Very easy to lose time, this time the mancubus didn't die, and that caused me to 
miss the elevator as well. Still I didn't fail either jump after the teleporter
which is not to uncommon, so the time isn't terrible.


Map 14: Thankfully Looper discovered this trick, makes map 14 a lot easier on nightmare.
I pretty much always get 26 seconds here when I kill the imps in the building, if not
then I always seem to get 24 seconds. 


Map 15: Previous run of the day died here, first time that's happened. 
I got hit by several hitscanners at the same time to push me when I went for the jump, 
managed to get a second try but I missed the switch and had almost no health left.
This time everything went as expected, very good time too. 


Map 31: A lot more lucky than usual here, almost no damage, so I don't 
have to grab any health on the next map which saves a couple of seconds.


Map 16: As long as the BFG kills the revenants this map should be easy. 
I failed to do the glide properly, so one of the bigger mistakes of the run,
still only around 5 seconds lost to that.


Map 17: Very dangerous map, you can save a second or two by killing 
the imps straight away, but respawn might give you trouble then. 
Make sure to use a rocket to clear any imps standing right next to it,
having them scratch you from above forces you to either lose a lot of health
or time.

The revenant at blue key area has some amazing abilities, I've seen him 
curl those rockets around and hit me just about anywhere, so unpredictable.

Then comes the yellow key area, the chaingunner sometimes refuses to die and
goes hiding and shows up at a really bad time. The worst part is the arachnotron,
you just hope that you get to painstate him before he tears apart your health. 

There is a lot of health you can grab on this map, which helps a lot. 
Mostly everything went flawless this time, so I got a really good time. 


Map 18: Straightforward map, only this time I skip invurnability because
it's not really needed, still need the soulsphere.


Map 19: This map is easy, I've never been close to dying. 
Unfortunately 53 seconds is really slow, about 5 seconds lost.


Map 20: I've died a couple of times to the pain elemental after the teleporter.
This time I use the BFG because I should be able to afford the cells, and
then I make sure to walk very slowly into the teleporter, plenty of times in practice
I've moved somewhat slowly and still skipped the trigger. Never lost a run
to getting stuck, I think that might be even worse way to lose a run than chasm wallrun.

Perfect health at the exit of this map, that never happens, time is ok.


Map 21: Never happen to have full health from map 20, but what happens next is
even more rare, I took almost no damage before reaching the imps! 
The amount of luck that takes is unreal (I'm not that good at dodging 50 projectiles :) 

150\150 is plenty for the next map, well, it's map 22 so there's never enough health.


Map 22: One of the harder maps, I've practiced it a lot and it shouldn't really
be a problem. Yet in single segment this map turns out to be very tough. A couple
of days ago I had an attempt where I went through the teleporter to the center area
after grabbing red key and I had 4(!!!) chaingunners surrounding me! 

I did however survive but the timeloss and failed skip on map 23 killed the sub 25 hope.
Also it went all the way, so 30nm2629 which was not a new record.

This time I took a couple of hits after the first teleporter, and then by the baron.
It wasn't looking too good, but it worked out, a lot closer than I would have liked.

Not the best time, I can save 5+ seconds if I make the jump to red key door area,
but there can either be chaingunners, spectres or a revenant blocking you so it's
not very likely. 

Map 23: I will copy 30nm2620.txt here to explain what I do at the start, 
but first I would like to mention the first BFG I used on this map. 

Sometimes I would reach this map with low health, which means you have maybe a
5% chance of grabbing the berzerk pack without dying to chaingunners destroying the barrels.

I wondered if there was some way of making it safe even with low health, so I somehow
thought of using the BFG to clear the barrels, not sure if it was by accident I 
shot the BFG before entering the teleporter so as to not wake anything up and 
using the secondary attack to clear the barrels.

But then the interesting part, I tried firing the BFG in the same direction I
am going without turning 180 degrees, and I end up destroying the barrels behind me!
I had no idea the BFG could do this, anyways from 30nm2620.txt:

"first demo to ever show this completely new trick! 
(well, it's just a linedef skip) and it's the only trick I have ever discovered :)

I run forward, stop, walk forward, turn left and then use straferun50 to
skip the linedef that opens the wall for the mancubus and do the barrel wallrun.

The linedef skip was accidently discovered during 30uv practice, which is
surprising since afaik I need to first move forward and I have to be at a very
precise spot for this to work. So because I use vertical mouse movement I would
sometimes turn around and also move away from the direction I want to move, which
would cost me a few tics in 30uv, but then I somehow just skipped the linedef.

It wasn't until I started 30nm again that I looked into it, and at first I was 
thinking I must have been imagining things because I could not replicate it, or
used noclip. Then eventually I did manage to do it, and I noticed that I needed
an extremely precise position, impossible to do consistent if I even have my hand 
on the mouse. By simply trial and error I found a setup that worked eventually.

Of course a linedef skip (when you run south direction) isn't something hard to do, 
but it was not obvious it could be done with such a small distance from the linedef itself.

Recently I noticed Xepop did something similar in nm20-039, and it's a bit easier
to do on that map, which could be nice for the 200 cells + rad suit, unfortunately 
the imp attacks too quickly for there to be any chance of getting in consistently.
Then again it would be hard to save the time lost with the 200 cells, so doesn't really matter."

Happy that I managed to get this trick in, I lose a few seconds to using the BFG at the start though.


Map 24: The start is straightforward, just don't fall off!
I really hate the part with the lost souls, as they can block you and throw you 
right into the pit where you cannot get out of. I use a BFG to clear a few of
them, though I'm not sure how much of a difference it makes, wastes a couples of seconds.

I have a different setup for the wallrun than what I used in 30uv, it's a bit easier to do, 
but it also has a more precise position, luckily it's easy to tell.

Always very relieved when I make the wallrun.


Map 25: This map can be very random, goes ok this time.


Map 26: Enough health leftover from map 25 so that I don't have to worry too much
about the start. Lost a run (a bad one fortunately) because I failed to kill the first
baron. It's also possible to skip the secret here, it saves a lot of time, but you
will most likely lose a few seconds on map 27 because you have to grab the health\armor.

Also it's better to take risks earlier in the run than on map 26 :)

Got blocked a bit much by cacodemons so not the best time.


Map 27: Good time, everything went as I hoped. Sometimes the arch vile doesn't
open the door, nothing you can do about that, but he did this time.


Map 28: I didn't really need to grab the first invurnability here, but I know I have a
good run so I don't want to risk it for 1-2 seconds, probably didn't need the mega sphere either. 
Still a very good time!


Map 29: This map is quite slow in the beginning, lots of health, have to wait for the elevator
to rise up, and then some sections where you just use a couple of BFG's :)

Then all of the sudden you are really close to the end with some really difficult sections coming 
up. First of all you have to clear everything quickly which isn't too bad, then you have to
hope that respawn doesn't destroy your attempts of making the jump to the teleporter. 
It is possible to not use the setup for the jump like I did which could remove the respawn problem,
but personally the difference in success are really small, and for some reason I cannot explain 
I just prefer to leave the run to luck. Perhaps it's because I know it would be easier to blame
the game should I fail it, or maybe removing the possibility to failing it because of nerves is better.

The last run to the exit can be terrifying, but if you have enough health it's not too bad :)


Map 30: You've finally made it all the way, and there is a possibility that on the very
last map you get some really bad luck which is near impossible to deal with. Perhaps a 
Pain elemental, arch vile or revenant at the wrong time can ruin everything. 

I try not to think about it and just go for it, I know exactly what to do, even if
I get some bad spawns I have some things I can do. Then I get some of the most beautiful 
spawns I could ever hope for... mancubus, imp, demon, hell I can't even see the 4th
spawn because it just died to my BFG, so probably imp and then another demon...

36 seconds is the perfect time with this strategy, which is to clear the first 2 spawns
and should you be unlucky with 3rd spawn you still have a chance to kill them with BFG,
4th spawn is usually easy to deal with. PE will spawn lost souls on death so that will
always be a bad possibility. 

Hope you enjoyed it :)
