This is a Doom "COMPET-N/doom/speed" entry. Please forward it...

E1M3s101.TXT

 E1M3s101.ZIP

  E1M3s101.LMP - Ultra Violence

  Recorded using DooM Version 1.9 (Ultimate Doom)
  Doom -PlayDemo with Version 1.9

  Episode 1 - Knee-Deep In The Dead
  Map     3 - Toxin Refinery (Secret Exit)

  Kills     26%
  (Items    23)
  Secrets   57%  and Time  01:01
                           -----


Description: You have more time to kill all the imps & sergeant at the
             (first) secret route button than in the normal exit route
             when speeding. But it is difficult to survive the way to
             the secret exit lift button, and not to be blocked there.
             If you kill the pig, the sergeant and imp first, you lose
             around ten seconds - Too much for speeding. I have not
             seen Uwe's old 1:07 .LMP so I tried this as I thought it
             would be the best way. It is more frustrating than the
             normal exit speed route because if the pig gets in your
             way the time will suck ... In the normal exit route you
             know you die because you missed a sergeant. By the way,
             it was the 3rd or 4th .LMP of all I reached the exit.

             I wrote this first - as I got a 1:03 - then I tried to
             -PlayDemo the .LMP and I saw a nightmare... I had not
             recorded it ! It was still " doom -warp 1 3 -skill 4 ",
             with some control-e after it, so I didn't notice I hadn't
             typed in " record e1m3- "... What a nightmare ! So I had
             to sit down for another session. Tried, tried and tried.

             Changed my route, to prevent getting blocked, a little.
             In the 1:03, I managed to kill the sergeant then blow
             away the barrel and escaped through the gap. This time
             I hoped the sergeant wouldn't shoot, therefore the pig
             stood still near the barrel, which I hit fortunately and
             the way was free. I think it is a quite good time, even
             Uwe's old time is a very good one...


Author: Kai-Uwe Humpert

E-mail: gazelle@cs.tu-berlin.de
        humpert@zib-berlin.de

WWW:    http://www.cs.tu-berlin.de/~gazelle

