This is a DooM. LMP "Competition" entry - Please forward it...

E1M9-031.TXT

 E1M9-031.ZIP

  E1M9-031.LMP - Ultra Violence

  Recorded using "The Ultimate DooM"

  DooM -PlayDemo with Ultimate DooM
  OR
  DooM -PlayDemo with DooM ver. 1.9

  DooM - Ep.1 Mi.9. - Military Base

                     Time  00:31
                           -----

  Description :-)

Adam H (e1m9-034.txt) wrote:

>  I really don't know if there is an optimum time for this level, with a
>  healthy start one could go more aggressive and end up with a reasonably
>  better time. Somewhere around the 0:30 mark I suppose.
  
Yeah, that's basically what I did :). I changed Adam H's route a little. First
I used his route and did 0:33, then I made a couple of switches. By standing
on the right hand end of the yellow door to open it, then strafing left and
shooting the barrel, you kill off both of the right-hand side sergeants -
which is fast and saves health. Then you go through the gap created, and
instead of running all around the outside of the room you just pick up the
red key, turn around and run like hell :). I changed the red key room as well.
I realised you don't actually need to hit the barrel in the middle of the
room at all - with a bit of luck you can hit the three barrels on the left
hand side then run through the room and only take 1 or 2 hits. In fact, you
can do it without taking any hits at all...I had one 0:32 where I survived
with 1% health right from the yellow door to the medikit before the pinkies!
I had a bit of luck in this demo. It's much harder to hit the three barrels
from the door than from the middle of the room, so quite often you just
damage them and have to try and hit them on the way out. Well, i missed them
again...but then i got lucky...if it's the middle barrel you push backwards,
you can then squeeze past the barrels without them being blown up at all.
Which was handy :). The rest of the level is basically luck with sergeants
and pinkies. You need not to get hit too badly at the start, especially by
the sergeant right after the yellow key (he always hits you, you can't do
much about it, it's just a question of how hard), and you need a fast run
through the blue key pinkies. The end jump doesn't always work, because of
Doom's rather dicey handling of speed and stairs :). 90% of the time it's
OK though. I'd say human optimal time here is about 0:29, a really good
TAS run could go to 0:27, probably.

Adam Williamson
adam@scisoft.force9.co.uk
