This is a DooM. LMP "Competition" entry - Please forward it...

E1M9-034.TXT

 E1M9-034.ZIP

  E1M9-034.LMP - Ultra Violence

  Recorded using "The Ultimate DooM"

  DooM -PlayDemo with Ultimate DooM
  OR
  DooM -PlayDemo with DooM ver. 1.9

  DooM - Ep.1 Mi.9. - Military Base

  Kills     23%
  (Items     6%)
  Secrets    0%  and Time  00:34
                           -----

  Description :-)

  This demo is more or less okay except for the scene with the
  shotgunner in the red door room. I lost 1 sec there...
  Anyway it's 3 seconds faster so I don't think it's that bad.
  
  I had some incredible tries, as 37.05 twice, then 36.34 then 36.14...
  so 34.94 sounds great to me.

  I think this level is quite a bitch when speedrunning. Even a player
  with the best skills can do nothing here if luck isn't on his side.
  Still, I think skill is needed, especially the first 10 seconds
  is very important. As they say in Hungary: "Only the skilled have luck".
  
  I changed a few things to get a better run.
  I changed the place where I get my shotgun, I think it's safer and
  faster this way (because I can shoot the soldier while running).
  I also have 2 very important shots when going back to the yellow door.
  If these shots are successful, you can enter the yellow door with good
  (>70%) health. I follow Anders' route there, until the red door.
  There I chose to follow DL's tactics with blowing up the barrel in the
  middle, then the barrels which guard the stairs and lastly the barrels
  in front of the switch. I know the switch can be pressed through the
  barrels, but sometimes it doesn't want to work for me, so I went for
  the safe method. Another place of possible improvement.
  From then it's just run and hope. For a good time, you need to get through
  the demons with no timeloss and get the exit jump fast as well.
  
  I really don't know if there is an optimum time for this level, with a
  healthy start one could go more aggressive and end up with a reasonably
  better time. Somewhere around the 0:30 mark I suppose.
  
  I think this map is a very good challenge of speedrunning even if it's
  annoying at times (MAP02 is similar). You need some good moves and basically
  10 shots are enough to finish the level, but these 10 shots have to be
  very well aimed.
  
  Hmmm, normally I don't write such long texts but recently I really hated
  this map, and as I started doing it I began to like it. I don't worry
  if someone comes and beats my time saying "Hey this was easy" because
  I know there are better Episode 1 runners than myself.

  Adam Hegyi
  ha211@hszk.bme.hu