This is a DooM .LMP "Competition" Entry - Please forward it...

LV07-047.TXT

 LV07-047.ZIP

  LV07-047.LMP - Ultra Violence !

  Recorded using Doom2 Version 1.9
  Doom2 -PlayDemo with Version 1.9

  Doom2 - Level 07 - Dead Simple

  Kills    100%
  (Items    66%)
  Secrets  100%  and Time   00:47
                            -----


  Description :-)
  
  Well... what to say here.
  
  Ever since I got that 0:48 last July, I had the idea
  of this LMP in mind. There were two main reasons for that:
  a, My time was 48.17 and it was so close,
  b, I wasn't the first one to get it, Evgeniy Kaidalov
  did it back in 1997, but his LMP was rejected because it
  contained multiple attempts.

  Since that day of July 1998, I've been trying to get this
  run. It wasn't a pain -- everybody knows I love this map.
  I never took trying seriously, just had fun playing, and
  kept the better times I had. And the better times came,
  one by one, but every single run had something I wasn't
  satisfied it. I collected a few 0:48's too... but still
  I wasn't able to beat my initial 48.17 time.
  
  I wouldn't say I played more in the last two days than
  usual -- maybe one hour each day. But, there were some
  signs. I got two 0:48's, but I didn't really feel like
  I was going that fast. I also got a 0:50, where I ended
  up the mancubus part with 6 rockets -- the only time I've
  ever managed that (but I blew the ending).

  Now something about this run. I'm quite satisfied with
  it -- there are no major mistakes. It's not perfect
  though, but on this map there is no such a word.
  The mancubi part goes well. No missed rockets, 4 rockets
  remaining, which is quite nice. The wall lowers faster
  than usual (you can gain nearly a second on that).
  Then 4 rockets kill 2 arachnotrons, this is really
  exceptional. The plasma part goes great: I rarely miss
  any plasma. Even the exit goes as planned, the Lee Killough
  trick works. I have a little problem finding the exit switch,
  but luckily I do and press it just in time. 47.94, huh.
  
  It's funny that the exit part reminds me of another LMP
  (if you saw it you surely remember, check for uv7s4t49.lmp).
  Too bad that LMP is thought somewhat "suspicious".

  Anyway, if anyone cares, I'll put all my 51-sec or better
  MAP07 demos on the Web somewhere. Get them if you're interested.

  A few times I thought I'm done with this map, but I always
  found something to do. If anyone wishes to beat my times, I wish
  him good luck.
  
  As you might've noticed, I have been less active as a player
  in the past few months. There are a few reasons to that, most
  importantly I'd like to spend more time with Real Life than with
  the virtual world. That doesn't mean I'm retiring, or I'm done
  with DOOM or COMPET-N; it just means I only play if it feels
  fun.  

  Keep on DOOMing!

  Adam Hegyi
  ha211@hszk.bme.hu  