This is a DooM .LMP "Competition" Entry - Please forward it...

LV10-832.TXT

 LV10-832.ZIP

  LV10-832.LMP - Ultra Violence

  Recorded using Doom2 Version 1.9
  Doom2 -PlayDemo with Version 1.9

  Doom2 - Level 10 - Refueling Base

  Kills    100%
  (Items    65)
  Secrets  100%  and Time  08:32
                           -----

  Description :-)

  Just had a thought... anybody who sees this at ftp.cdrom.com as
  LV10-832.TXT without knowing who's responsible for this entry will
  probably know by the long .TXT that it's me before getting to the
  part where it's written ;-)

  OK, about the .LMP:

  Ah, level 10 without corner inspections, how nice! An obvious improvement
  from my DM2FULL map10... Also 16 minutes faster, 19 minutes faster than my
  COOP/DM partner Edo, who probably adores all corner inspectors whereever
  they are, judging the number of times he hid to try and use the berserk
  right.

  This one is for level 14, Peo!

  If anybody cares, it's my 5th try... 1st one was 9:17 with 99% kills,
  second 8:57, these I did yesterday. Today I did three right in the morning
  so that no phone call will disturb me, wow, how brilliant ;-) First one I
  died :-( Second one was 9:07, this is the 3rd!!

  Well, the demo... OK, the beginning goes fine, I suppose. Pain elemental
  dies pretty fast, I don't take *too* much damage. Part with arachnotrons,
  imps, demons, revenants goes fine too, I try to make as few "circles"
  around as possible, getting rid of these arachnotrons as quickly as
  possible. Part with humans is OK, could be faster but there are so many of
  them it's hard to be sure you don't forget anyone... I decided to use the
  BFG on the demons after all, since I do have the ammo. Cyberdemon is the
  worst I ever had... he takes 4 shots and I waste some time boxing &
  chaingunning him, also an imp beams out, remember him later! After I
  finally waste the 4th BFG shot I go out, dark room goes fine, next part
  also OK except for a "secret screwup" with the soulsphere which takes two
  tries, and some boxing that suits someone without separate strafing keys ;-)
  Boxing is really bad, but no matter, next part goes OK with all the
  painelementals and humans, then last two parts also go fine. I go to the
  exit, but WAIT! There's a monster alive... and no it's not a lost soul,
  it's an imp gurgling at me. Frightening (not the imp, the 99% kills
  thought...), but then I remember (and so should you!) the imp that beamed
  earlier, oh god where can he be? Must be on the way to the exit, so I take
  the plasma, but he's not there! I'm writing all this just to make you
  understand that my heart rate wasn't too calm at that moment...
  Super-depressed, I plan to exit and see the 99% kills but no, he's in the
  exit room... Hi imp, get some plasma, bye imp, bye level, 100% kills,
  hip-hip, hooray!! ;-)

  Ok, buddies, wake up, it's the end of the text file!!! ;-)

 Yonatan Donner

 yonatan.donner@tbu.excellnet.co.il

