This is a DooM .LMP "COMPET-N/fdoom/TNT/max" Entry - Please forward it...

EV32-520.TXT

 EV32-520.ZIP

  EV32-520.LMP - Ultra Violence

  Recorded using Doom2.exe Version 1.9 
  Doom2 -PlayDemo with Version 1.9

  Final Doom - TNT Evilution - Level 32 - Caribbean

  Kills    100%
  Items     11%           
  Secrets  100%  and Time = 5:20 !!
                            ----


Description:  Awright! Beats Anthony by 25 seconds and TAS by seven seconds :)
              I always knew this was possible, glad I'm the one who got
              to do it. Is this the first TAS max demo beaten? I don't know.

              Anthony's demo was very good, however, and to start with I
              wasn't sure I'd be able to beat it. So I started jiggling the
              route around. Up to the blue key there's not much to do,
              but from then things change. I play the revenant/mancubus/
              teleporting sargeants scene much like Peo in his EV32-527,
              then I use rockets on just about everything else. There's so
              many, you just can't run out. Later on I BFG the Archvile and
              the other monsters. Sometimes he teleports out, but not if you
              manage to block his teleport line :) Then a BFG shot on the
              next group of monsters (didn't work brilliantly, had to do a lot
              of SSG shots). That leaves three for the Cyber scene, which is
              plenty.

              What's strange is that this doesn't look good at all. I labored
              long and hard for this, and yet the demo is full of missed
              shots, monsters taking too long to die, and bad running. And
              at the end I forgot I had an extra BFG shot :) So this can
              still be pushed further. Maybe even under 5 minutes? That'd be
              pretty optimal though.

              Thanks for the competition, Anthony, we've managed to get
              quite an improvement over the first record (7:43!) This is
              probably my last Evilution-max demo for a while (Anthony
              says he's doing EV21), unless maybe someone feels like beating
              my records...


Author: Chris "Ryback" Ratcliff

E-mail: ryback@fcmail.com
