This is a DooM .LMP "Competition" Entry - Please forward it...

M226R545.TXT

 M226R545.ZIP

  M226R545.LMP - UV -respawn

  Recorded using Doom2 Version 1.9
  Doom2 -File MM2.WAD -PlayDemo with Version 1.9

  Memento Mori II - Level 26 - Base Exposure

  Kills      104%
  Items       82%            
  Secrets     85%  and Time: 5:45 
                             ==== 

  Description :-)

  Last Sunday, my Windows 98 computer suddenly shut down and
  would not turn on.  I hadn't had this happen to me before, so
  I was worried to death about what may have happened to it.  I
  was actually concerned that the hard drive might have died!
  But soon, I began to suspect what really happened: the power
  supply unit failed.  In a Doomworld PM to Never Again, I
  mentioned this possibility, saying I wasn't sure whether I'd
  be able to record for Compet-n again, and he talked about how
  normal PSU failures are, and how easily the unit could be
  replaced, directing me to a cheap but reliable brand that
  could be ordered online.  But I wanted to verify my suspicions
  /off/line.  That is, I didn't want to make a random guess, and
  then have it turn out to be wrong... I wanted a local and
  reputable technician to confirm it.  And so, we called on
  our lawyer's computer guy, an ultra-reputable one, and
  yesterday, he arrived and checked the Windows 98 computer.  My
  suspicions were correct: the power supply unit /did/ fail.  And
  when we weren't able to get video from the computer even after
  we replaced the power supply, it turned out the modem card
  (which came with the computer, but I don't even use since we
  use a router to connect to the Internet) was holding back the
  charge meant for the video card.  Not to mention my mother's
  even older computer, which also apparently died, turned out to
  have "died" for /exactly/ the same reason, with /exactly/ the
  same video issue.  And so, not only did we learn more about
  computers, but my Windows 98 one has risen from the dead,
  thanks to a replacement PSU supplied by the techie, allowing
  me to once again play the vanilla Doom executables in their
  native environment, and making me eligible for Compet-n once
  more.

  But enough about my life... let's talk about the demo.  During
  the time my vanilla Dooming computer was down, I decided to
  practice UV -respawn running, on my Windows XP computer, on
  some maps that have never received a UV -respawn demo at
  Compet-n.  My first choice: Memento Mori II MAP26: Base
  Exposure by Mark Klem, a map designed by a man far better
  known for his musical output than for his mapping.  It wasn't
  long before I got an unrecorded time of 7:21.  I tried out
  some other maps, but I decided that when my computer is
  revived (if it ever was,) I would record on this particular
  one.  Once the computer returned to life, I went right into
  the MS-DOS prompt, switched on NoVert, and prepared to kick
  ass and take names anew!

  Base Exposure is a map characterized by huge, open fields;
  vast caverns; and towering bases, all caused by the same sort
  of gigantism that plagues every map that Mark Klem designed
  for the Memento Mori series.  It's also one of many, many maps
  from Memento Mori II that have not had a UV -respawn demo
  since the megawad's iteration into Compet-n years ago.  Only
  /four/ maps from that collection, for that matter, have even
  had one since the last update almost three years ago: MAP01:
  Outpost, MAP02: The Feeding Pit, MAP30: It, and MAP32: Dances
  With Demons, all of which were short and simple.  This map, I
  assume, has been left out all this time for the same reason
  the other maps have been left out: because of how complex they
  are.  However, this map only /appears/ to be complex because
  of how huge it is, when in reality, it's rather deceptively
  simple.  For all its simplicity, though, one thing makes up
  for its gigantism, and that's the massive amount of monsters,
  over two hundred lurking around the premises -- a fact that
  soon becomes apparent when you're doing a UV -respawn on it.

  I begin the level looking out into a giant pool with an
  ominous-looking base on the other side... but nothing else.
  Except for a shotgun and some shells, that is.  Grabbing the
  shotgun, I open the door to see a wall with misaligned
  sections lowering to reveal a few Imps and a Chaingunner.  I
  frag them with my shotgun, take the Chaingunner's weapon, and
  take out the Imp in the next room.  I proceed to zip along
  the railing to the eastern room, gunning down the Sergeants
  there and hitting the switch.  The walls lower to reveal
  computer mainframes, and I kill an Imp guarding a switch,
  hitting it before I open a secret compartment with a Super
  Shotgun, grab it, and exit.  "Why do you grab it," you ask,
  "when there's /another/ one just outside?"  Because aside
  from getting more shells to use, for some reason, the second
  Super Shotgun doesn't appear until you grab the first one.
  Don't ask me why, because I didn't design this map!  Oh, and
  the compartment doesn't count as a secret, even though it
  really should.  Why?  Your guess is as good as mine.

  Outside, I kill some Sergeants at the east end of the
  building, and then enter it from that side to kill some Imps
  and hit a switch.  Leaping out, I reenter the building from
  the same end, but this time, I go through the newly-opened
  doorway and kill the Imps there.  Behind them is a blue
  keycard.  But when I approach it?  Out pops a Baron of Hell!
  (And a chaingun, but that's not important!)  The biggest
  advantage to playing UV -respawn is that the more
  time-consuming battles can be skipped.  For instance, under
  UV max rules, you'd have to spend time killing the Baron here
  before you proceed any further, but under UV -respawn rules,
  you can just slip past him, take the key, and leave, since
  another monster can fill his place in the body count.  But
  you need to make sure he doesn't stop in the middle of the
  hallway to attack at any point during the process, or else
  you'll lose precious time.  And possibly your life.

  I jump out the window and then come across a bunch of Imps
  hanging out with a couple of Arachnotrons outside another
  building.  A building which is blocked by bars that must be
  opened with a blue key.  Unfortunately for them, I have to
  interrupt their festivities and plow through them to get
  there.  And so some of the Imps fall before me, and once I
  get inside the building, so does another Chaingunner.  And
  then a Revenant tries to stop me from a reaching a switch
  and fails.  The switch lowers a barrier in the southwest
  corner, while I snake around and introduce another
  Chaingunner to a double dose of buckshot.  The switch he's
  guarding lowers an elevator behind the barrier, but as the
  only adjacent sectors are the window behind it, and the
  barrier in front of it, you'll need to wait for the barrier
  to lower a decent amount before you hit the switch.
  Otherwise, the elevator will lower to a height that you
  won't be able to climb, and precious time will be lost.
  The elevator has a cell pack on it, and when you climb on
  it, you can also grab a plasma rifle, no matter what height
  it's at, even though it's supposed to be out of reach.  But
  more importantly, there's a switch here.  I press it, and
  run to the north of the building, ignoring the Arch-Vile
  making his unwelcome presence.

  At the north, you can look out the window and see another
  room in the building on the opposite side, blocked by some
  bars.  The switch lowers these bars, allowing you to access
  it.  This is the first secret.  To enter it, you must walk,
  not run, through the window and into the corridor.  However,
  with the DEFAULT.CFG autorun hack, this is impossible.  To
  move slowly enough to make it, I have to rapidly tap the
  "move forward" button.  If your timing on tapping and
  releasing the button is bad, you'll smack your forehead
  against the top end of the window and drop like a stone.  If
  you /do/ make it, however, you'll find a Sergeant and a
  megasphere.  I take him out, grab the 'sphere, and escape to
  the northeast side of the field, into the cavern.

  East of this cavern is the rather ugly base.  Here, you'll
  find Sergeants and a bunch of Demons frolicking about, as
  well as a cage containing Demons with bars whose textures
  scroll for some reason.  More puzzling is that they have
  some explosive barrels with them.  On the east of the hall,
  if you look south in the middle the hallway, you'll find a
  switch in the distance.  I shoot it, and then run further
  east to be greeted by a Mancubus.  Behind him is a BFG 9000;
  you can get it even before shooting the switch, but shooting
  it causes a door to open behind the BFG, revealing another
  switch.  Pressing it lowers the barriers in the middle, but
  also reveals a bunch of Hell Knights.  I ignore them and rush
  in through the hallway at the south end, BFGing the Demons
  inside the cage -- which is the second secret -- while
  simultaneously teaching them why you should never play with
  nuclear waste.  Taking the loot inside, I exit the cage and go
  west.

  Here, I take out the Chaingunner from a distance, and grab
  the rocket launcher.  To the south is a very long, silver
  hallway lined with multiple crushers.  Of course, I make it
  under all of them before the Arch-Vile at the north fries me,
  and I blow up the Demons that await me at the south.  The
  southern passageway leads into a fifty-foot drop!
  Fortunately, the Doomguy is immune to falling damage and can
  thus make it down there safely.  I jump down at the east and
  murder the Sergeants and Chaingunner there.  I climb up the
  stairs and merrily mow down every Sergeant in my way before
  reaching a switch.  I ignore the Hell Knight on my way out,
  and BFG the monsters in my way.  Killing some Sergeants at
  the two-toned door, I go up the stairs, and treat everyone
  that stands in my way with a super shotgun blast, before
  returning to where I flipped the last switch earlier... only
  another door has opened nearby.  Fragging the Chaingunners
  and Demons in my path, I jump downstairs and remove the
  Sergeants from existence before getting the red key.  This
  causes a wall to rise, leading to a bunch of rockets and
  cells, and an invulnerability!  Now a living (if temporary)
  god, I BFG the nearby Sergeants and Arch-Vile... and the
  Arch-Vile survives because my aim sucks.  After a small
  tiff with him, I leave and BFG people outside, before
  snagging some ammo as a Cyberdemon and a Spider Mastermind
  get into a heated argument.  Again, because you can get 100%
  using respawned monsters, you can ignore those two and be on
  your way, saving a lot of time.  I run past them and warp to
  the upper level using a teleporter found after falling down
  three holes.  At this point, one would wonder just who in the
  universe, on Earth or Hell, would build a base this utterly
  crazy.

  Getting the Demons out of my way as the invulnerability wears
  off, I run north and BFG a Sergeant and two Arachnotrons in
  front of a switch.  Hitting the switch opens a door in the
  northeast of the room, leading to some rockets and a backpack,
  which is the third secret.  I blast my way outside and then
  make my way to the red key-locked door, where two Chaingunners
  meet their demise.  Then I run all the way across the field,
  over a bridge, and into another massive field, with a large,
  stone cavern on the west side.  The first thing I do is to
  destroy three Imps and a hidden Sergeant with rockets, and
  then throw myself against a waterfall, behind of which is a
  switch.  Using it opens a doorway into the cavern, and lets
  out an Arch-Vile.  I frag him with the BFG and dash across the
  ridiculously tall pillars so I can get more cells (and other
  ammo, but most importantly cells.)  Jumping down behind the
  pillars, I find myself in a very huge and long tunnel with an
  army of Imps and Hell Knights, commanded by an angry
  Cyberdemon.  Fortunately, the Cyberdemon has a very nasty
  habit of shooting his own troops, and so I rush to the yellow
  key, BFGing any of his underlings who get in my way, and press
  the left switch, which lowers the walls to reveal a truckload
  of Lost Souls, a bunch of ammo, and a lone soul sphere.  The
  soul sphere is important to my well-being, and so I grab it,
  lower the pillars by hitting the other switch, and ride them
  up in the nick of time.
  
  Back outside, the Mancubi, Barons of Hell, and Hell Knights
  are at war.  I hasten the end of the battle, get launched
  toward the bridge by the respawned Arch-Vile as I run toward
  it, and then take out a Cacodemon with a rocket.  Then the
  Cacodemons and Demons in the corner of the field get a few
  rockets as well before I BFG them to oblivion.  I use one
  missed BFG shot to my advantage by running toward some enemies
  in the distance so that the blast damage gets them, and then
  I super shotgun the one surviving Chaingunner.  Dashing
  upstairs with a BFG in my hands, I open the door in time to
  reduce a group of Imps to viscera, killing a Cacodemon in the
  process, and then finish off the other Cacodemon with
  buckshot.  Grabbing the berserk pack, I stand inside the
  northwest window.  This is where you access the fourth secret.
  You're supposed to walk very slowly out of the window and onto
  an absurdly tiny ledge.  Of course, with the autorun hack,
  this is impossible.  One way to do it with the hack is to
  plant yourself against the west side and edge slowly to the
  north by trying to move forward, but this is not only slow,
  it's tough to do when there are monsters attacking you from
  different directions at once.  I got tired of this and soon
  started using the jump shown here, which I later found was
  used by Anders Johnsen in his old max demo.  The compartment
  here, which is what counts as a secret, contains a soul
  sphere.  Grabbing it, I drop off the east side, and kill some
  respawned Sergeants and Imps, as well as two Chaingunners,
  before crossing the bridge in the northeast.

  At the end of the bridge, there is a Cyberdemon in the
  northeast, but you can ignore him.  Murdering an Arachnotron
  with my rocket launcher, I make my way into a bar and blow up
  the bartenders with a rocket before killing everybody else
  with the chaingun.  In the process, I activate a switch behind
  the counter, which lowers a huge wall to the west and allows
  the yellow key-locked door to be accessed.  Why a switch in a
  bar lowers a giant wall, I don't know.  Exiting the bar, I run
  up the stairs in the southeast, which lead up to where the two
  Chaingunners I just blew up were.  But in the middle of the
  stairs is a discolored wall.  Pressing on it reveals an
  invulnerability -- the fifth secret.  Grabbing it is a good
  idea, too, because by the time I go back downstairs, the
  Cyberdemon is there to greet me with a rocket to the face.
  Running further west, most of the monsters are destroyed with
  the BFG, and then I kill the remaining two with rockets while
  they're beating the crap out of each other.

  Behind the yellow key-locked door are some Imps.  I kill every
  one of them with rockets, and as I proceed, a huge barrier to
  the west of the bridge in the northwest of the map lowers,
  revealing some Imps and the exit door.  But wait... the exit
  door is trapped!  Approaching it will cause an alcove to open
  with an Arch-Vile and a Revenant!  Fortunately, I'm still
  invulnerable, so I can take these guys down with no problem.
  This alcove contains a switch that opens the exit door, as
  well as a discolored wall.  Opening the discolored wall
  reveals the sixth secret, a corridor with a megasphere.  Which
  is odd, given that this is at the /end/ of the level, and by
  the time you get there under UV max rules, you would have
  /already killed everything!/  I guess this was meant as a
  bonus to prepare you for the next level.  After some more
  kills for the road, I exit the map.

  My first recorded time here was 6:33.  After two hours, I only
  managed one second of improvement to bring me to 6:32.  Then I
  started writing this description, and an hour later, I went
  back in, recharged from taking a break, and scoring 6:10.
  Then I finally got around to watching the max demos (including
  Johnsen's and the ones submitted by Eugene Kapustin,) and I
  returned to this level again, getting my final time, 5:45.  As
  with the max demos, I only obtain 6 of the 7 secrets, ending
  the map with 85% Secrets.  This is because the remaining
  secret is located on a sector not used in the map (sector 432,
  to be precise,) rendering it unreachable.  I hope you enjoy
  this demo as much as I did recording it!  (And writing this
  overly verbose description, too. ;)

- Eric "The Green Herring" Baker -
- eabaker@san.rr.com -
- March 23, 2008 (demo recorded on March 22, 2008) -
